Change Of Character

===

[00:00:00] tried to react. Can you go to M one? It does not like 30 M one. Okay. M one.

M one. I didn't even see this here. Actually didn't bother to see this here, but you can see that, right? So as you said, this is. In internal disruption on smaller timeframe. Mitigation here, mitigation there, right? But now this is the full disruption. So internal disruption, external disruption,

inefficient price, pricing. That's your conservative,

right? You could easily do.

Stop at the high of this candle or even at the high of the move. And that is a 3.5 pip stop,[00:01:00] 

right? So just in case you can cover the inefficient pricing and you can also cover a potential, a wic a WIC mitigation or even this is least likely. So I wouldn't even trust that, but I still want that to sell there. Right. So you could still have a decently size SL there and still have a good move.

Right? Does that make sense? Right. So in simple terms, right? Keep in mind we're, we're deriving all of this from our, from our higher timeframes, right? Keep in mind we are, we already showed our hand in terms of minor inch. Today our swing is an extremely bearish, right? So we cannot assume otherwise if we're thinking, if we're thinking order flow.

Right. Our POI came into the I'm came into the, I'm sorry, into the POI once, right? Then essentially created a pullback that generated more bearish [00:02:00] order flow here. Which then created another push down, but this is an internal disruption because we haven't even taken out the full candle yet. So keep in mind that this then gives a bullish reaction showing that we probably mitigated the WIC now.

So that is essentially solidified low on smaller timeframes because we did break a wake high. So now that this breaks fully through the poi, That is in a external disruption. External disruption then comes to mitigate a previous inefficient pricing. Right. And you could have your point of validation, honestly, I would've put it here at this, at top of this candle, but you could easily put it here as well.

Right. So does that make sense in terms of a more conservative view, in terms of you don't have seconds, timeframe?

Yep. It is just a lot harder to assume certain things [00:03:00] in on M one without the seconds timeframe. Well, you cannot assume internal disruption without, for example, here. Right. I probably wouldn't have been able to assume it without the 32nd. 52nd. 32nd primarily.

Yep. Yep, yep.

Mm-hmm. I have a doubt. Actually I usually wait for this to come 50% of the leg because what I have noticed on other pair, like G and a u mm-hmm. Is that after, after, after the full disruption happens and the low, which created this high. After this breaks, this is the full day. Yeah, it is.

Mm-hmm. It is. Now my only issue with that, so is the order flow aspect. Do you understand what I mean with the order flow aspect? Yes. But I, I get that [00:04:00] what I, what you are saying about that order flow thing. But sometimes what I noticed that after this order flow rules have been made after that too, the price comes to the 50% of the whole net.

Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. I mean, I get that. I mean to say that sometimes after this all also price sometimes comes to 50% too, and then closes back again causing electricity graph. Mm-hmm. On on G and on G and e U have seen that most of the time. So I always wait for the. Break of the full solidified low.

Mm-hmm. Which cost the high. Mm-hmm. And then wait for 50%. I like that. So here, it, it, it, then, it then came to that 50% thing. Mm-hmm. So according to my roots, I would've missed the strain. Mm-hmm. So am I missing something here or does this happen all the time? Like, so It depends. It depends, bro, because this is, this is my, my issue with that approach.

If you want this to come [00:05:00] back to premium in terms of full range here, right? Which we could come back to equilibrium, we could come back up here, but if we break this or even break this final candle here, I would, I see that as an order flow disruption. And even if this then, you know, continues lower, I would want this to be then a liquidity grab and then I would be able to get an entry.

Does that make sense? I always want to enter via order flow, not via just poi and premium, right? So if this is now disrupted in terms of bearish disruption, I would then want a bullish disruption to then catch order flow down. Does that make sense? Yes. Yes. That's what I'm saying, that mm-hmm. Once it, once it comes higher to the premium, then it will, it'll cause a liquidity graph.

And after that Three. Mm-hmm. But let's also look at the internal ranges here.[00:06:00] 

I don't think this even reached equilibrium. Actually. It did. See the final range actually came into a premium, which is inside of an inefficient pricing, which came lower. Yes. But, but don't you we'll consider this as a full name. Yeah. But this is fully mitigated, mitigated, mitigated. Unmitigated Gabriel.

Yeah. So here my issue, right? So remember character, right? Character, what we just discussed. Can you delete your drawings please? So my issue here right is character. So efficient. Efficient, efficient, right? Inefficient, because we haven't made it efficient yet, right? So, The change of character, right?

Character is efficient, efficient, efficient, inefficient, make it efficient to then catch a [00:07:00] move, right? So can somebody, can somebody give maybe a different explanation? Maybe ask can understand you better than me?

And the issue is, bro, is. The thing is, is you cannot anticipate too many mitigations, too many order flows, for example, right? We have one mitigation, two mitigation, three mitigation, strong order flow. If the order flow right is then breaking here and then still mitigating again, and then still coming here and then still mitigating again, that is too many mitigations weak order flow, and maybe we can react here and.

Cause of reversal. Okay, so you are saying that if if the price doesn't mitigate multiple times here, and if this leg was a clean leg, then you will wait for it to come to [00:08:00] premium, then go down, right? No. Why would I wait for a premium here? Why would I wait for this? Why would I wait for this premium?

I'm looking at, look at order flow. You cannot justify why this comes to premium if you cannot justify why this can't could come to premium besides, besides maybe here, right? But the thing is, is we have a POI here, so why not just cover the entire thing in your sl? Yeah, I'm saying, I'm saying that if, if this leg would've been like like this straight one.

Mm-hmm. Wait a second. Like this one. Sorry. Sorry. Like this, like this one. Sorry. My bad. Yeah, like this one, this leg. Instead, instead, instead of, oh, are you trying to say if there wasn't any mitigations here? Like if there, if this was a mitigation and this was a mitigation, is that what you're trying to say?[00:09:00] 

Because remember, remember character, right? Let's look at this like delete your drawings really quick. Sorry. Actually I'm on my phone. That's why I couldn't like, okay, so, so do you see the difference between this and this? Do you see the difference? Yes. Yes, yes, yes. That's what I'm saying, that if if the leg would've been cleaned like this on the left one, then you have Exactly.

So then you would've waited for Yes. It to come up. Yes. So this would've, so this makes sense because look, efficient, efficient, inefficient. That's why you can justify premium. See what I mean? Yes, yes, yes. So if this is your trade, right, you would then take this and you could even put your point of validation on top of that, [00:10:00] which is a two pip, extremely not extremely aggressive, but aggressive.

Or 4.3 stop, which is conservative. You see what I mean? So you see, so you see the difference in what you're saying and what I'm saying. Is the character here is much different than the character here, right? So all character is so what I, so that's pretty much like all I did with character was how I understood character was just, that's a woff concept, which is a change of character, right?

And I don't know exactly where that link is. I'll need to find it. Just pretty much explain the change of character. So a change of character is simply a change of direction. It could even be seen as showing its hand to an extent. Does that make sense? So all I did was I'm looking at character of price and I'm comparing efficient to inefficient, right?

So that then I can see where I can enter and where it makes sense to go for a premium discount. Premium discount. Premium discount. [00:11:00] Does that make sense? So you see the character here is extremely strong and inefficient to downside, so it makes sense for this overall premium, whereas here, efficient, efficient, efficient.

Inefficient. This is now my margin of entry.

Yeah, that I think that, yeah, that, that might have been where I saw a part of it too,

but Yeah. But the way that I'm explaining character here is completely different from that. Yeah, because. That's pretty much all I'm looking for with character and is looking to see where it makes sense to take a position,

right? Like here too, you know, like e efficient, inefficient continuation, fix the inefficient to continue.

Right? Maybe I'll, I'll make a, maybe I'll [00:12:00] make a video on that next week. We'll see. Yeah, I got it. The same way you entered on that au trade on which you break. Mm-hmm. Break on that breakdown section that is also Yeah. Kind of Yes. Applying structural range and character. Yes. That time also, and that's something came to the, that's also uhhuh, that's also something that like, I just missed a lot of trades over, like for example,

Right. I was too busy trying to wait for this that I did not acknowledge. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, so that's just, that's experience right there, bro. Bunch of mis trades, right? Because I was anticipating this and I didn't acknowledge character in structural range, you know, missed the trade. But that's also why I pointed out with D X Y, you know, I can, I could wait for that discount or I could wait for a new structural range to be made.

[00:13:00] Right? And the thing is this, right? This

can still come back down, but this is a disruption. So if you're playing a POI here, right, you now need a reason to go higher. You see what I'm saying?

I'd have to, oh, I, I'd need to make a bunch of notes though. And keep in mind, I am in finals.

I could,

I could put, I could put this in, I could put this in the pins. Like I'll just put it in the pins. Make sure to watch the zoom.

But yeah. Also, I'm gonna make sure to add you guys to the to the language chats after the call. I'll make sure to do that.[00:14:00] 

Or if you guys want, I could upload the Zoom into the course, you know. If, if you guys, I, I could like pretty much cut out the entire portion, I will, I'll take out the breakdown and then we'll just do that. You cad you know, example. But if somebody wants to do that for me, I'll pay you cuz I don't, I, I kind of suck with Adobe.

Premier Pro.

Yeah, but do you guys have any questions or do you guys wanna bring something up? I got Sergio next door if you guys wanna [00:15:00] talk. Talk about something. Only for a million, sir. Fuck.

Eg. I have not looked at. Eg. Bro. Look at, look at this. Look at, look at eg. Look at this right here. Tell me, tell me what is there to review here.

Tell me what there is to review here.

So you guys see now in the EG breakdown why I took my, my partial here. You know, because you can never anticipate this, you know, you can never anticipate it.

I mean, it's that close to market closure and then obviously this could've just taint. So you see be a bunch of messy bs. You know what I'm saying? Can you look at ej? No, no, I'm good with the pairs. I'm looking at,[00:16:00] 

well, I mean, I think it was like Tuesday, Wednesday. Yeah, Tuesday, Wednesday. Once, like, look, let's look at that real quick. So look at this.

Right. Structural range, right? Mitigation, unwillingness, disruption, unwillingness break. So now that's no man's land. You see what I'm saying?

So you see, I like, I can't anticipate this for one, but once this happens, it's like I don't give a fuck about this anymore. You know, like this, this here is very similar

to this. See? And then you see how [00:17:00] we found the play after a show attend. You see what I mean?

So do you guys think this this breakdown would be enough for the change of character? So a change of character is just looking at pricing, whether it's efficient or inefficient in terms of order flow, just to give you a definition, right? And the change of character is when you see a quote unquote, like showing its hand but not as impulsive, not as strong.

