Continuation BOS vs. Reversal BOS

===

[00:00:00] Okay guys, welcome to the continuation B os versus reversal B os video. Okay, so what do I mean by continuation B os and reversal B os? Continuation B os is the initial break of structure that initiates slash continues your structural ranges pullback. Okay, and our reversal break of structure is the full true break of structure.

Of your selected structural range or of your current structural range? Okay, so the reason why I've introduced this is because a very, very common mistake that I've, I've seen with a lot of the members is that we try to pick Lowe's by assuming an M one structure break. And maybe that's, that's potentially my fault.

I didn't fully explain on that. I didn't fully. Go into the detail with that. But the approach that I'm [00:01:00] trying to take with this new curriculum is to show you how to be as conservative as possible because I want you to win those trades. I don't want you to, to lose very, very consistently before finally getting a winner if you even get a winner, because if you're psyche just goes down the drain after two, three losses, then.

You know, there will be no longevity to this type of trading method, even though, quote unquote, RR will outweigh your losses, which it will. But at the end of the day, in order to even, you know, create a, a one to 10, a profitable one to 10, one to 20, one to 51 to one to a hundred, right, you need to win trades.

So if you become more conservative and you win those trades, Right then your hit rate will be, will be very, very nice alongside your already high risk to reward. And I believe that will create longevity to a, any type of account, whether it's trading currency, whether it's trading bonds, stocks.[00:02:00] 

You can honestly do this with almost anything that, that you desire, but obviously different things will change. And that's a topic for another video, but, Anyways, right. What do I mean by continuation of B os? Okay, so let's say these two red figures are your minor intra day structure, right? So primarily I'm going to, to I'm primarily going to use this for your intra days and your scalping structures.

Remember that I said, right, that the higher level, that the higher structural level you go, the more validity, the more secure. Those types of moves are right. So if you're to break a major intra day high no matter what I mean, no. I mean not no matter what, but most of the time you'll be able to read that through minor intra day breaks of structure.

Right? So now an issue here, right, is that a M one structure break will not lead to an H four, to a [00:03:00] swing. Break of structure because we don't have enough data to try to project that, to guess that. Because at the end of the day, we do want the probabilities to forever be on our side. Okay? So, right.

Looking at these diagrams, right, we're gonna see pullbacks start to begin, right? So even though this could be a scalp unwillingness inside of a minor intraday leg, Or even major intra day leg. This is a very commonly mistaken break of structure because although we do need those M one structure breaks to create those H four, those swing those positions trade breaks of structure, although we do need these M one breaks of structure, you have to realize right, that the security of a M one structure break is not as secure as a H one, H two.

So just because we have an initial break of structure does not mean this is not gonna [00:04:00] die. That does not make sense, right? We don't, we cannot assume that, right? So even though. We are cre consistently creating, right? These lower lows and lower highs, right? Our entire range is still intact, right? So this continuation Bo os continuation bos.

Okay? Now this. Is our reversal bos. Why? Because we've actually taken out the structural range and now is when you can easily try to find any type of continuation to then go lower. Okay? So this is now what I mean by trying to be conservative, right? Same thing here, right? Except now it's inverse. Now we're in a bearish, structural leg structural range.

I'm sorry. Right? We start a pullback. Right. Just because we create this does not necessarily mean we're gonna take this out. We cannot assume that, right? So Right. Once again, continuation. B os [00:05:00] reversal. B os, right? So even if we actually come back down and maybe mitigate something here, just because you have these scalping breaks of structure, Does not mean that this is not fully invalid, I mean, or fully not valid anymore.

Why? Because we now have structural range one taken out and we're now inside of structural range two, right? So this is not what you want. This, this is essentially not what you want. So now actually diving into examples here, right before that, there is one more thing I do wanna say. The emphasis here, the emphasis in this video is not only that initial break structure are necessary to initiate pullbacks, right?

But the, the point of trading like this is the point of looking into this and trying to apply what I'm showing you right now is to pursue pro trends scenarios. You always want to be pro trend.[00:06:00] Why? Because like I said, this is a game of probabilities. You want to have as much confirmation as you possibly can.

So right. With that being said, we can actually get to the examples now. Okay, so example number one, right? So like I said, I'm primarily going to emphasize this with your scallops your scalping structural range, your minor and today structure range, and potentially your major structure, structural range.

So as you can see here, right, with your U S D, right, we have our final leg here. This is our last scalping leg here. Or you could even call it minor inch today up to you. Whereas these s scaling legs could be the inside of here, right? But it doesn't really matter. Like all I do with that is to try to show you or to pretty much emphasize the point that there are different types of legs inside of other legs, okay?

So we see our leg here, right? Just because we're seeing these bullish breaks of structure does [00:07:00] not mean we're gonna see that full on break of structure. Right. We have to understand is that these bullet breaks of structure are necessary to create, right, this structural range pullback. Okay? So as you can see, even though we had these bullet breaks of structure, you can even call this a type of break of structure.

These are all continuation breaks of structure, right? Because what happened, right? Because our structural range is still intact, we now create a new. Leg to the downside, right? So now going into the previous high that took out the previous low here and we focus on the entire leg, right? I'm not too focused about the minor legs inside of here because I know that I'm, that my trend currently is bearish.

So as you can see, initial break of structure here. Continuation B os. Continuation, B os. Right, [00:08:00] which now created that new lower low. Okay, so now if you're gonna tell me why wasn't this used as a final leg? Okay. The reason why I'm not using that full leg is because I'm thinking about the overall picture here, right?

Not only is this being consecutively bearish, right? You can easily try to mistaken this as a break of structure. Right. But if we do not break this previous high, I have no reason to want to be bullish. Okay? So even though we got that bullish scenario here, we had a bullish breaker structure on a minor, on a smaller scale than from what our structural ranges are showing, right?

Yes. We came back, yes, we mitigated. Potentially something here, created the reaction, but there was no unwilling, there was no strong willingness to take out any important levels of structure, which would've been up here. Right. This at the moment while we are here is still a pending lower high. Yeah, lower high.[00:09:00] 

Why? Because we're still in this range and we have not taken it out yet. Okay. So now, because we didn't take out this high, came lower, this is now my new lower high. I created a new lower low, right? So keep in mind, even if you get these bullish reactions, these bullish scenarios, The probability of them sustaining themselves is very improbable if your structural range is not essentially in the same direction.

So yeah. Anyways, next example. Here is a much kind of simpler example as we can see, right? Choppy structure here, right? Came back, took a liquidity grab from here. Right. I came back, didn't break this low. So this is messy structure. This isn't something I care for right now, right? I care for structured moves, so, right.

We came to essentially this high here and actually created [00:10:00] a substantial low that took out previous liquidity here, previous structural levels here, okay? So, right. It is it, you can naturally assume a type of continuation, right? Anywhere here, but as you can see, We actually came back to mitigate whatever was up here.

Right. And mitigation is something we'll get to, I believe in the next section. But just bear with me here, right? We came back to mitigate something, right to react, but give no follow through. So as you can see, no, these essential lows here were held and we have now taken out the full on structural range that we were talking about.

Okay, so this is now showing intent. This is showing at hand. This is showing us that it wants to go higher, right? So here is where we get that retracement that leads to the full on move. Okay? So now to emphasize or to go deeper with this example, I'm actually gonna zoom in [00:11:00] here, right, and show you pretty much the exact same thing, right?

I'm looking at highs that create lows. Right. We took a a pretty much low here. High created a new low, right? And a high that created a new low, right? Keep in mind like this example where I didn't use that final immediate leg, I use the overall leg that I see. Same thing here, right? I'm gonna use, I don't care for this immediate leg, right?

I care for the entire structural range leg because the entire structural range leg is what's giving me that full on confirmation for direction. Okay, so even though we took structure out here, right, this is a continuation BOS because our full leg has not been taken out. Okay? So now is when we see that break of structure here, right?

We, we broke our structural range here, gave a pullback, very, very minor, created a new [00:12:00] structural range, and now gave. An actual discount here, which then led to the final move. Okay? So as you can see, right, continuation. B os reversal. B os, okay, right, just like here. Reversal. I mean not reversal B os, but A. A continuation B os here, right from our now newly formed bullet structure, came back into a discount and now gave you a very good move.

Okay? Next example. Right now, this is probably we're diving into more of a minor entry day, major entry day type of thing, right? So here at Euro G P, we see, right? Our lower low here, that took out previous low. So from here we have our pullback, which then created our low here, which is now a full structural range.

Here. Okay, so notice there is an initial leg here, [00:13:00] right? But we broke that. But keep in mind the initial break level of the initial structure break is necessary to begin that overall pullback, right? So we know a prot trend is bearish, right? But. We have a bullish break of structure here on a smaller scale of what we're talking about.

So you see how this, the security of this break of structure is not as secure as this type of break of structure. Okay? So what happens? Even though we have this bullish break of structure, we then led on to create a new low. Why? Because we were still overall bearish. Okay, so now going into our final example.

Right. You're a U S D, right? Pretty much the same thing. This is now looking into minor and major intra days. Pretty much we're pro trend bearish. Why? Because this leg took out previous lows [00:14:00] here, right? So we have our structural range here, right? We now have one continuation, b o s, because we're still inside of the structural range, and we have continuation b o s number two.

Right, but we're still inside the structural range, right? So this is now showing me like potential corrective nature. Even though we're showing bullish signs or bullish breaks of structure here, it's on a smaller scale of what we're thinking of here. Okay? So what happens? We inevitably create a new low because our structural range is still bearish.

Okay? So, Pretty much to summarize right, remember, right, that the initial break of structure is necessary to create a pullback. And you should always, always, always emphasize on being pro trend, right? And, and pro trend is very subjective to you because you, you have to first [00:15:00] understand, are you a swing trader?

Are you a scalper? Are you an intra day trader? Are you a position trader? Right? So you have to know what prot trend means to you based off the types of trades that you take. And all you have to do is find those continuations based off of that discovery, that self-discovery. Okay? So other than that, I'll see you guys in the next video.

