Entries Based on POIs

===

[00:00:00] Okay, guys, welcome to the final video of phase three, which is we're gonna, we're pretty much gonna talk about entries based on POIs but also kind of, you know, add up everything so far. Essentially right, this is gonna be the intro to quote unquote hi r r, okay? And the goal right of this video is for me to show you right how to find.

Not necessarily find POIs because that's the point of the pre previous videos, but how to act based on the poi, if that makes sense. And for the most part, right? A as for actual points of interest, I usually like to derive them, whether it's from my higher timeframes, whether it's my my daily H four, right?

Or if you're classifying with structure, right? Your major in today, you're. Sometimes minor intra. Today, I don't really like to use POIs below minor intra day unless it's already being played upon a previous point of interest. But I like my swing, my major intra today, my minor intra day for main points of interest, not necessarily my position because [00:01:00] that will give you probably a very wide range.

And it'll take a long time for those moves to manifest themselves just because you're deriving it from such a high timeframe, but because it's derived from such a higher timeframe, right? It shows the potential security of the move, right? And the overall probability. So yeah, for the most part, right?

This video, if you're a beginner to anything, it revolves to. Into any type of IRR or to even smart money concepts or to anything like that. I would definitely say don't try to do what I'm showing you in this video right off the bat. I'm showing you because it, I'm obviously trying to be honest with you guys.

I'm trying to show you guys everything that I use for the most part, right? But, I don't want you to just, you know, start hopping on and, and starting a trade like this and trying to guess lows just because you see a, a scalping bo os, but you confuse a scalping B os with a minor entry pullback, and you're just catching losses because you're trying to catch reversals, right?

So you have to justify everything that you do. If you don't justify [00:02:00] what you do, right then you're playing, you're playing the guessing game in my opinion. So yeah, essentially here. All right. Looking at G daily timeframe. As you can see, we are bullish, right? Just because we are going up no need to think too hard about it, right?

So we see this going up and I see a daily inefficiency here, right? So in order for me to play based on that, I have to obviously zoom in. So I zoom in, right? My low, my high, right low, this high liquidity grab here. Right. So I solidified low that created this new substantial high, right? That is not my structural range, whereas my equilibrium would be anywhere around here.

So I'm looking for my discount to then achieve a new high, right? But luckily in the discount we had that daily inefficiency in between these two wics, right? Wake to wic just like here, WIC to wic. So. Right. I'm not just gonna buy here, [00:03:00] right? Because where am I gonna put my stop loss there? There is no, you know, there's nothing to play based on here, and, and my stop loss would be pretty, pretty ridiculous.

At least 20 pips per se. So I'm gonna zoom in once we go into this point of interest, right? And right as you can see, the purple line right off the bat, I notice right, that we are inside of. This bearish structural range, right? We our high with our low right and my immediate range here, because this is the immediate range that actually took our structure, whereas this is the full leg, okay?

So right, as you can see here, right? In terms of scalping, right? We have our high or low or high unwillingness break of structure. Right. I don't want you to confuse the initial break of structure as a pullback, because keep in mind, we are still bearish because our leg is still bearish, right? So we have this initial move to the upside, right?

And even though we took out the fir, the [00:04:00] essentially the immediate leg, right? I'll see this as a disruption of order flow because we already took out this potential point of interest for continuation two. So this is also a disruption of bearish order flow. So we now have two potential disruptions, right?

So, I'm not saying this is now what you try to buy here to here. Why? Because you're still bearish, right? So what if this move is actually a mitigation or anything inside of here, right? So this would be our high or low, our retracement, right? So this retracement, right? Takes us lower takes at a previous low, right?

So in order for this to be continued to be bearish, we have to take out a previous low, right? But the retracement came down. Took out a previous liquidity point here because this, obviously, this load created this new high. So this is now essentially bearish, right, in terms of this leg and this immediate leg, right?

But as soon as we took out this previous structure point, we had [00:05:00] a stopping break of structure here, right? Whereas the disruption occurs here because as you can see, we tried to react. From this inefficiency here. So because this reacted, gave the follow through and essentially gave you the upward to move, that is a disruption of order flow, and that's giving me signs of reversal.

So not only that, we now have this to be considered a liquidity grab because we had the disruption that created a new high. We have a liquidity grab from here, and we now have an unwillingness based on our high low retracement unwillingness. All right. Unwillingness liquidity, grab. So as you can see, this is the only point of interest that matters to me.

Why this wick here? Because there's a push down before the upwards move. And as you can see, there's liquidity sitting right above it. And we never came back to mitigate it. Right? So my point of validation, which is something we're gonna cover in another video, which is probably phase five we're essentially gonna be here and price cannot be down [00:06:00] here or cannot take this point out, or else it'll invalidate the entire thing, right?

So, but if we. Take out my point of interest, then I'm also not interested. So that's why my range is here, right? So now that we have this intent, right, this is now when we use our premium discount, this is now when we use our momentum rules, right? High, high move, low time, right? Low movement, high time. I probably chop that up again.

I'm so sorry. Right? High move, low time. Low mo, I mean, low move high time, right? So it's such a tongue twister anyways, right? As you can see, right? We have intent, right? We have momentum, right? We have a break of structure, we have liquidity. We have an unwillingness. Right. That's a lot of confluence. So I'm justifying why this can go up, and I'm trying to be as objective as I can because I'm playing based off of what I see on the chart, not what I think or not what I want.[00:07:00] 

Okay? So as you can see, the momentum is definitely to the upside because we had our pushup and then we have a zig-zaggy move down, corrective move, right? So the point of interest, right? Obviously from here we, we mooned, but this is just probably a news catalyst. But as you can see, The news catalyst fits, fits the technicals because everything is predetermined.

Everything is already priced in and in order to give you these moves, price has to manifest itself in a way for it to be able to project that move up or else the markets would be seen as unpredictable. Even though they are people that say it's unpredictable is because they don't understand. Right. If you understand what you're seeing, then it can make sense out of it.

You can make sense out of it. You can justify a position, and if you can justify a position, the probability will more than likely increase. Right? So as you can see, two and a half pips here. Right. And keep in mind this is easily from 1 42 to almost, this is almost a 200 PIP move, right? Which is almost a one to 100 ish, right?

That [00:08:00] would be more so like a one to 60, one to 50 ish. But since we're aiming for previous highs, right? That would've easily been to 1 44, which is about a hundred Pips, right? Which is at least a one to 25. And as you can see, as you scale out, right, that is still a massive, massive return, in my opinion.

So, yeah, as for that, moving on to example number two as we can see here, your U S D, right? We had our immediate leg here, here that was taken out. This is a very, very deep move, right? And we took out a, a very crucial level of structure here. Not to mention we've already taken out the minor points of interest here, right?

Not to mention, right, that even though we had this reaction here before we broke structure, we had a reaction. No follow through. Right. That just signifies to me a disruption of bearish order flow. So we are not bullish, even though we took out a previous structure point afterwards. Right. Because our overall leg is here, right?

Our minor legs are here. [00:09:00] There, okay, so, right. Why do I have this box here? Well, this is something that's called a turbulence point, and that's something that we're gonna cover also in phase five. But just see it as an interruption and price, right? So I see that there's interruption and price here, so there's definitely order flow stuck in here, right?

So I'm just trying to find a potential point of interest that I can play based off of inside of this range, right? So we zoom into the range, right? What do we see? I see two unmitigated points, right? I didn't really want to worry about up here. This doesn't, this isn't too convincing in my eyes because, but here, Right.

What I see is essentially a move to the upside based off this reaction that probably filled inefficiency here, or partial inefficiency here, and that created the move to the upside, right? This is point of interest number one, which would be the inefficiency fill and maybe an SE down here. And the reason why I have my, my range, I mean, my point of interest until the low here is because this would be a point of invalidation on my smaller timeframes.

[00:10:00] So that's point of interest. Number one, point of interest, number two. Right. It's obviously the extreme here. A much more deep, deeper replacement in terms of this overall range, right? And this is something that I would call a H one, oh, it's not something I would call, but this is actually an H one WIC and the H one wic is actually in inefficiency, fill on a smaller timeframe, or it could even be an se fulfillment inside of here, right?

So a much more extremely deeper replacement. Right, and this would be more so you're kind of 61 a kind of ish based off of this range, right? But because this range is actually just inside of the discount, it's very valid to take these very, very deep replacements inside of this range here, because in the overall range, this is actually not that deep.

So it's justifiable, right? So as we're going on, right, unmitigated, these are unmitigated points. So points of interest that I'm looking at, right? I, you can easily refine these more. Right through going through lower timeframes. Right. But [00:11:00] over time, you're gonna notice that you don't need to be that perfect, right?

It's cool to be that perfect because you learn a lot and you learn that, you know, justifying your trades is, is what increases your win rate. But for the most part, if you're trying to play based off reactions, which is the point of this video, then you don't necessarily need to Refine the, the entries or the points to that extent, right.

Until you're actually looking to execute. So as you can see, right, point of s number one, automatically taken out right as soon as it's taken out. Okay? That's, that's not, I, I don't want to trade that. Like, that's it. Because even if I assume a, a bullish break structure here, I'm guessing a low because we didn't mitigate anything.

So I'm picking a low so it doesn't make sense. Right. So, but what does make sense here though is that we do have high selling volume as we're coming down here. So we have a scalping breaker structure, right? But it's actually minor entry pullback, and we actually come [00:12:00] lower, right? Taking out equal lows. We take, we come lower, but because this increase in volume in from, in terms of supply was so high we essentially.

Or diminishing in terms of supply because Mo, this move is continuing lower and this move is not essentially showing you strong bear volume, right? So we come into point of interest Number two, I'm looking to see what happens, right? In terms of a scalping. Perspective, right? This would be the immediate range here.

So you would naturally want to essentially have an inefficiency fill here and then continue lower if it's still valid, right? So this initial breaker structure here, I see it as, A type of disruption because the essential continuation of order flow has been disrupted. And not only that, but we now have a stopping break of structure.

Why? Because this high created this low. I would consider this to be a break of structure unless we take out a previous low, right? So you can't assume that liquidity grab.[00:13:00] But anyways, right as we come lower, right, we now see intent. We now see a move to the upside. We now see a scalp and breakup structure.

We now see a reaction out of our poi. We now see diminishment, right? So we now see in an efficiency fill, and I highlighted this because this is actually a trait I personally took and this is a 32nd timeframe SC in here, right? Unfortunately, I can't load that up anymore. It's too, too far back. But. I'm sure you could find that in the previous markup section.

But anyways, right. Depending on where you wanna take it, right? This is a three and a half pip stop for the initial entry, the inefficiency fill. And if you want it to take it to the low, you could easily take it to this pre, to this candle here. But I like to be safe, just to be safe. And obviously the 32nd sc there would be two and a half pips, right?

And that's me justifying it through the confluence of breaker structure, diminishment of volume. Point of interest overall trend, right? Bullish order flow, potentially starting [00:14:00] here, right? So what happens from here, right? As you can see, depending on whatever entry you took aiming for those previous highs, you could see a one to 41 to 60, right?

And that is in one move, right? And there is actually plenty of opportunity to reenter. So just imagine that. You know, taking partials, then taking more positions, then taking more partials, then taking another position, and then taking more partials. And this actually continued way higher than the projected target.

All right. So as you can see, this is now the full breakdown and trying to essentially collaborate everything together, right? And trying to make it make sense. If you can't make it make sense, then it's hard to justify your position, right? Because making it make sense is justification, right? They're just two different things.

I mean, two different words. But yeah. Anyways as you can see, right, if you can justify your position right, you have every reason to take it. And that gives you not only A higher probability of winning, [00:15:00] but it gives you much more confidence. Why? Because you're essentially doing if this than that scenarios that make sense, that are rational and you're developing the logic that I'm pretty much trying to instill in your head, right?

So with that being said, that is the conclusion of phase three, and I think phase four will be all the woff stuff. So I'll make sure to include that in the following section. But yeah, I'll see you guys in the next video.

