LG vs bos
===

[00:00:00] Okay guys, welcome to the final video of phase two, which is a break of structure versus a liquidity grab. So this is a very, very kind of common too. This is a very, very common problem that I've seen and it's not really the most. How do I say challenging thing to, to master. It's just more so having enough data to make these types of projections.

And, and I, and I'll explain what I mean with that, but before that a break of structure, right? When we want, we, when we see a break of structure, right? We want to see. Substantial lows be created in a down trend. I mean, you wanna see substantial highs be created, right? So keep in mind, right, that if we have a [00:01:00] substantial low and we now have a non low and we have a reaction, this does not necessarily mean this is a liquidity grab.

This is only a liquidity grab is if that creates bullet structure. Okay? So in order to judge this as a liquidity grab, we need the break of structure and the opposite direction to occur, right? Because what does that signify? That signifies that liquidity was taken, right? And we now have an incentive to want to come back higher.

Okay? So see it from a volume perspective kind of. But p very, very. How he says, be very, very mindful that your structural points are forever going to be your prema, your most important aspect in this model, in my opinion. Because it doesn't matter,

right? If you have liquidity grabs, if you [00:02:00] have equal, relative, equal lows, right? None of that matters because structure is still intact. Right. So for structure two, keep in mind too that as you're in a down trend, right, your lower highs must never break, right? And how do you judge a lower high? Well, we talked about that in the earlier sections of this phase, right?

So the same thing is for a, an up trend, right? Let's say,

right? Because none of our higher lows have broken and we've created consistent structural ranges. We are still in a bull market. Okay? So just because we see right, a non substantial low be created does not necessarily mean we're gonna see a reversal, right? Because who's to say, right, this not, this non substantial low is now the creation of a new structural range and we just continue [00:03:00] lower, right?

Which is why I don't like picking lows and trading. Any type of corrective moves, right? All I'm focusing on is for it to show its hand with either a bullish move or a bearish move, right? Because that's when you catch the pullback to then catch the move that is essentially meant to be given there.

Okay, so getting into the examples. Okay. So as we can see here, understanding a liquidity rub, okay? As we can see here, we have two relative equal lows. Right. You have bullet structure here, right? We came back, gave a pullback, unwillingness. Now we came to take out these Lowe's, right? So we came, took out these Lowe's, and immediately gave a reaction.

Okay, so now zooming into that, right? I cannot judge this, right? Pretty much. Taking out these lows. I cannot judge that as a liquidity grab, right? Even though we just barely took those [00:04:00] major lows out. I cannot judge that this is going to be a liquidity grab until we see an incentive to want to move higher.

Okay? So we have our high creating our final low here, right? Parents give this, give a strong reaction. Right. Came back into this and gave us an unwillingness point and created bullet structure. So now this assures not only a structural range, this assures the liquidity grab and it assures our incentive to want to move higher, right?

So if this, then that, right? If this liquidity grab, quote unquote, creates bullet structure, then we can ca, we have a case for why this would want to move higher. Okay, so next example right here on dollar, right? You have relative equal lows there, right? We now have our final structural range came back, took that, gave an initial [00:05:00] reaction, right?

But that took structure out, right? So now if this, if this liquidity grab break structure, then we can move higher. Okay? So something too to keep in mind is a very, very common thing that I've heard with liquidity grabs is that you judge them based on candle closures. That is completely false. That does not make sense to me.

Right? Why? Because candle closures are very subjective to the timeframe that you're playing in, right? So we know that an H one WIC could easily be you know, two essential. 30 minute candles that can look something like even something like this here, right? Where there's two bodies, two massive bodies, right?

But because we're in H one, right? We are essentially in a wic, right? So I don't want you to, to consider these or, or base these. On candle closures, I want you to base these on structure and momentum. Okay? [00:06:00] Structure, momentum, reaction, right? It always falls down to whether or not the liquidity grab, right, quote unquote liquidity grab, right?

So it all falls down to that breaking structure, right? So always keep in mind the speed and keep in mind the momentum, right? And keep in mind the reaction. Right. Pretty simple. Next example. Final example, right? Here's an example of, of that rule, right? This closed pretty much where this was. So this should naturally continue lower.

That's incorrect, right? I don't want to play based off of closures. All clo, all bodies. Body closures tell me is potential volume in a candle. Right, which is something we're gonna cover in, in future in future videos. Right. But pretty much same scenario here. Although we're bullish and at this moment, we were completely bullish, this could have easily been seen as a bearish break of structure, but Right.

All it, all it is [00:07:00] here. Right. Is even though we came back to clear those lows, we immediately reacted. Right. Gave an unwillingness and fully took out. Our final legs, right? So I'm not worried about these initial structure breaks. I'm worried about the legs. The legs is what? Is what's heavily significant to me, right?

Because those show intent, those show where we want to go. Okay, so this is only a liquidity wrap because we created, right? A high or high that took out previous structural ranges. Doesn't have to be many. Could it be one? And from there, that's when you wanna start looking for opportunities. Okay, so as we've, as we've covered before, you want to be as conservative as possible, but you want to make this make sense.

Differentiating an liquidity grab from a breaker structure right will all fall down to the reaction. Right. Timing reaction, right? Pretty much correlating that without your momentum, correlating that with previous structural points, right? Correlating that with your entire [00:08:00] overall picture, right?

It's once you combine those things, that this will all make sense, okay? So I'm not gonna do that for you. That's your job to do. And obviously, because if I give you my explanation, my full, full explanation, it might not make sense to you, right? So make it make sense. Right. So that concludes phase two, and I'll see you guys in phase three.

