Order Flow

===

[00:00:00] Okay guys, welcome to video. The next video of phase three, we will be covering order flow. And inside of this video, we're pretty much gonna cover what order flow is some key details, strong order flow versus weak order flow and disruption. So yeah, so the definition of order flow, right?

Order flow is a distribution of orders through the process of mitigation, right? So the consecutive mitigations creates order flow, and that's essentially what creates structure. And the deeper understanding you have about this. Honestly, this is this will be a very big game changer for, you know, in terms of your win rate.

So what do I mean by order flow? Okay. Right, just a simple diagram.

Right. For the most part, we will see any type of mitigation inside of our structural legs, right? Prior to then having the full release [00:01:00] and, you know, giving us that full on move, right? You won't see a ton of a situations where you'll see. Excessive mitigations and then give you that move, right? It's very distinct because this could be co seen as a false flag, right?

But usually moves like that are extremely structured and they're very subjective to the scenario at hand, right? So some of the, the key details I want you to understand here for one liquidity, right? Remember we spoke about that a bit earlier. Liquidity is only a target if order flow is in that favorable dis favorable direction or in that given direction, right?

That means, right, that I'm only gonna aim for these, this low here, right? If this order flow is present and I have another reason to essentially justify why this target will be cleared, right? And. Another key detail, right, is that order flow is the driving force behind the creation of structural [00:02:00] ranges.

Okay? So when we, when we f have new structural ranges, doesn't really matter the timeframe. Sorry about that. It doesn't matter really about the timeframe or, or the, or the level of structure you're speaking of, right? But for the most part, you want the series of order flows to create substantial new highs to show intent to go higher.

And you also wanted to, to. Essentially sustain itself at that price level so it's not seen as a liquidity grab. So right. With that being said we can now dive into what strong, the difference between strong order flow and the difference between, and the difference between that and weak order flow.

So strong order flow right is usually a series of mitigations that essentially while you're, while the mitigations are occurring, you essentially create new structural ranges extremely often. And with weak order flow, right? You see a great amount of consecutive mitigations and it does not create strong impulses, which usually gives off that[00:03:00] that opinion that you can see a.

A type of flag pattern. So look for example, a an example of what I would preferably like to see for strong order flow,

right? Strong order flow. 1, 2, 3, release, right? Just like we see liquidity be fuel for new moves, right? These mitigations are fuel for the moves to actually happen. And too much fuel, right? Too much of anything is, is essentially bad, right? So if we were to try to analyze weak order flow,

right, excessive mitigations, That do not create substantial new highs. We now have, you know, weak order fill, any continuation of previous momentum in this case, bearish, right? So it's, it's very, it's very weird to catch on at [00:04:00] first. But let's actually get to some examples and hopefully that can clear up a lot more.

Let's see. Okay. First example, right? You're looking at an intra day timeframe. Right. I'm not gonna point out how I got these mitigations, where these mitigations are from because I don't really care about that right now. All I care about is that the mitigation is, is in, is happening so that we can analyze that order flow is either weak, strong, right, favorable, unfavorable.

So as you can see here, right, we obviously have an upward move, right? We came back mitigate, create a substantial new high. Which then comes back to be mitigated again. Right after that, we did not create a substantial high, but structure is still bullish, so we have no reason to want to try to sell this and assume a liquidity grab because the overall structure is bullish.

Even though you obviously have to break stopping structures here. In order to obtain this overall pullback, you have to always acknowledge the higher level structure. But anyways, here right after that liquidity grab per [00:05:00] se. Right, not necessarily a substantial new high. We still mitigate it and continued to hire.

This entire process is bullish order flow, right? So understanding, you know, obviously the previous mitigations in play will essentially create a narrative, create a bias, right? That's supported not only by logic, but you know, by, by structure mitigations in place, you know, and tons of other factors that will also cover any next falling videos.

As for our next example, Right. Another example of strong order flow. This is not actually gonna DJ on a higher timeframe, which is H four. So right, as you can see, right as soon as we came into this previous high, even though structure was still bullish, right, you could see the equal lows resting.

So all we need is an excuse to want to aim for those equal lows. So as you can see here, All right. You see the essential liquidity grab because as soon as we took the high, we not only reacted, right, but we [00:06:00] gave a pretty probably a minor day reaction here, left out inefficient pricing that came in, and that created a new low.

So although the overall structure here is still bullish, this is giving signs of bearishness, right? So immediately following that, that first break of structure, right? We have a pullback. Right. Gave a liquidity grab, right, for the purpose of coming back to fill a previous mitigation, which is what happened here, right?

And then that now creates a probably another minor entry day a structure break here, right? To then come back, take liquidity, right? And then that liquidity grab is now mitigated here. Inducing this breaker structure here. So this process of strong orti fill now incites that selling potential.

Why? Because we're now approaching the equal lows. We've now had the pair show a tan by taking out one, two level, oh, not two levels of structure completely here, but we now have another set of equal lows, and you have a [00:07:00] substantial new low compared to this one. All right, so obviously the momentum is to the downside.

So we came back to mitigate, I believe this was like an H two. Wick here. And so as you can see, price came back to mitigate that, right? And all that does is continue lower based on the narrative that was built based off these series of mitigations, right? So this completely is, oh, not complete, but this essentially gives us our validity to why move, this move went lower, right?

And I believe that's something that's extremely powerful. Because a lot of the times when you're trading different styles, right? You, you probably know what you're trading, but you don't know why you're trading it and you know what's happening, but you don't know why it's happening. And understanding the why behind the what is a very big key to then be able to make a legitimate pro projections that, that are not only extremely valid, right, but extremely probable, right?

Just because a, a setup is valid does not make it probable. Okay. And order flow is, [00:08:00] I believe, a very big key thing that can change that, right? So next with strong order flow, right? As you can see here. So this line here is actually a previous low. So on this timeframe, right? 30 seconds, right? We see that essential liquidity grab.

And the reason why I called liquidity grab is because we came, we instantly reacted and we broke structure. Right. So now theoretically we do not want this low to be taken because we're basing a narrative based on taking out that previous low, that cre, that created that structural high. We came back to fill inefficiency, right?

Created new high, right? But there are new, no substantial highs being taken yet. So this bullish order flow is weak, right? Because as you can see, we have the inefficiency here. Mitigation here, mitigation here, mitigation here. And then here, it's not even a mitigation, it's just honestly a messy structure that's pretty much unjustifiable.

So this move is unsupported, [00:09:00] right? But even though this isn't a substantial new high, I do see this new leg being a full break of structure based on the previous low. So I'm still bullish here, right? So now we just need a reason to be bullish, right? Because all this upside move can be, is just a pullback for this initial full leg down.

Okay. So right immediately after the liquidity grab, right? Bullish order flow is not strong enough to give us that move to the upside yet. So what happens, right? This is now seen as a type of correction for a continuation lower, but what happens after that? We come to mitigate the 32nd sc, right? To then give that structure break.

So this now gives me a clear sign of unwillingness to want to continue lower and we now have a basis based on the original. Poi, well, not poi, but the original action, right? That is leading the bias, right? So as soon as we get this reaction, right, we came back, right? Gave relative [00:10:00] equal highs, came back down, filled in efficiency, created a substantial new high based on this small range here, right?

Came back down, mitigated that, right? Because this move was super impulsive. You can easily confuse that with a type of momentum shift, right? So to counteract that price, Not only gave the initial mitigation here, gave another mitigation here, created substantial new, high filled inefficiency again, and then created that, that strong move to the upside.

Okay? So even though there's an excessive amount of if, well not excessive, but there's obviously more than three here, probably around five almost mitigations, right? We created substantial new highs twice, right? Inducing that bullish momentum and creating that new high or high. Which then came back to fill this inefficiency here and continued higher.

Okay, so those are three examples of strong order flow. Now I'm gonna show you three examples of weak order flow. [00:11:00] Okay? So as you can see here, right, we can see the initial liquidity grab that creates that essential scalping breaker structure, right? And actually, before I continue that, keep in mind too, that order flow, I, I love to.

Correlate that with structure, right? I'm not gonna try to buy bullish order flow when structure is bearish unless I have legitimate reason, and that's when I'm gonna get to disruption here in a bit. So yeah. Anyways, the liquidity grab came back to mitigate substantial new high, came back to mitigate, I mean, not, I'm sorry, yeah.

Came back to take out a previous wic. So this did not mitigate to continue hire. That means this move is now unsupported to me. So it doesn't make sense for me to want to take this higher because this WIC here caused that final rally up. So my POI should be inside of that wic, right? So because this happened, right?

That means there is no bullish order flow. So this move to the upside is unsupported, right? But even though this [00:12:00] did not mitigate, this, still left a liquidity grab because they broke structure. So we came back to mitigate that. But however, this is now a, a large amount of. Of effort on my end or on on the charts end to create this new higher high, right?

So this, even though it could be mistaken as bullish order flow, you also have to analyze the reaction post order flow. So as you can see, right, we took out a previous high, but it's now seen as a liquidity grab because we instantly reacted and broke the initial level of structure, right? Came back down and even came to mitigate this, right?

So this is now inciting barish order flow on barish structure overall. Which makes more sense as to why this continued lower. Okay, so this weak order flow is only weak, in my opinion, because of the structure and because of this series here, right? One unsupported move, then a move that doesn't make sense even though it mitigated something because this previous order did not mitigate anything.

Doesn't make much sense to me. And when you're also [00:13:00] looking down here, right, you could see that there's multiple taps of a poi that also is very unattractive. But the only reason why I let it slide here is because this final W actually took out that previous wig. So that could be seen as a liquidity grab, but that also leaves a potential POI for the future.

So it's really an unfavorable situation and we're already bears to begin with, so I'm trying to, I'm pretty much playing against odds here. So yeah, as you can see, the bullet order flow did not create substantial new highs based on the final leg down, right? We only created a, essentially a. Liquidity grab, which then lights a scalp, B os g, B os medication and a move lower

right here. Once again, right? Notice that we're, our structure is to the upside. Okay? So we came up, right up here, took out structure, scalping structure, right? This is actually 32nd inefficiency There. Right. So that shows that bearish order flow is [00:14:00] in play because we had a bearish break of structure and bearish medication, right?

Which then led to the downside move, right? Another essent kind of a substantial low. But also keep in mind, we're still fully bullish after we bottomed out from that reaction, right? Notice where this reverses, right? This is not reverse. This does not mitigate anything. So there is no bearish order flow in place.

So this is now a full on week. Order flow series, right? So notice once again, we now leave equal highs here, right? But this is not mitigating anything. So this last move is unsupported to me. And even though we came back to mitigate this, there is no strength behind the bearish order flow due to this unfortunate scenario here, right?

So after we mitigated. Right. We not only give an unwillingness, but we give a pop to the other direction because the bearish order flow was not strong enough to overtake the overall bullish momentum. So this is pretty much a very key thing, especially because I see a lot of [00:15:00] people try to guess highs, try to guess reversals just because they get the initial structure break.

No, that's false, right? You should always consider your, your, your timeframe, your pretty much every level of, of structure, whether it's scalp minor in today, majoring today. Swing. You should always correlate them because at the end of the day, you wanna be pro trend. Even if you're against, against trend, right?

You need a ton of reasons for it, and you need more reasons to go against trend than for trend. So as you can see, right, it takes so much effort for this to come down and there is no strong intact bearish order fill. So all this was right this week. Order fill was only meant to recover a previous sc.

Right. And as you can see, that reacted and gave a strong reaction, right? Only because the weak order flow is in play and our structure is bullish. Okay. Our final example here, right? So as you can see, we are bearish here, right? High, low, high, [00:16:00] low, right? But as you can see, inside of this leg here, we actually had a mitigation play, right?

Continued lower. Gave 50 percent-ish, right? But keep in mind, this mitigation did not create that substantial new low in order for this to be now considered for me a strong order flow sequence, right? I would've wanted this mitigation to have created that substantially new low. So as you can see, it gave an unwillingness, came back to mitigate that, right?

But this is now to me, weak order flow because we did not create a substantial new low in terms of the legs, right? In terms of scalping structure. We did break that, but as you can see here, We came back to recover, right? Gave this move, this is not unsupported to me because the order flow is weak, right?

And we did not create a substantial new low, right? So what happens? We tap a poi, we give that scalping break of structure, right? And we came back, I believe this was an M two 50%. This was in, based on this timeframe. And as you can see, that str, that [00:17:00] bullish break of structure from a. Bullish poi now led to the 50% of the M two here, and it gave a reason to rally right and also some more insight.

This was actually bullish in higher timeframes outside of this, right? So, like I said, always correlate your structure with it. So I've shown you strong order flow. I've shown you weak order flow. Now is actually a much newer concept. Which I call order flow disruption. And this is honestly one of the secrets to how I can catch a reversal without essentially needing that break of structure.

And the only reason why I'm showing you this is because I want to be honest with you guys, but at the same time, this is something that's a lot harder to understand, interpret, and, and apply. So I would just stick to using strong order flow week. Order flow alongside your structure as your beginning, right?

Because if you try to get lows without structure breaks, Then for the most part, I'd say enjoy your losses. And you know, you'll, you'll, you'll realize the easy way or the hard way up to you. So here, [00:18:00] all right. Keep in mind my structure is still bearish, okay? As you can see here, structure is still bearish, right?

But our, our smaller structural level here is bullish. Low, high, low, high, low, high, right? So I need a low to then create a high, right? So, Based off of the order fill that I can read here, I see this final push down candle, right? As you can see, the WIC after that mitigated that the WIC after that mitigated that, right?

So we now have this bearish candle, and then we have this next bullish candle that took out the previous candle low before giving the impulse to move up. But keep in mind, that was never mitigated. That's why you see this WIC be highlighted because there's definitely an SC there. So as you can see, in order for order flow to continue, This has to react, right?

But as you can see, it did not react well. It did react, but it actually broke through it. So there is no order flow supporting this move, right? This is now an unsupported move in my eyes, right? And as you can [00:19:00] see, we came back to mitigate this week, right? That took out previous liquidity here, right? And as you can see,

you mitigated that and created that structure break, right? So as you can see, if you're able to analyze this, analyze this, right? This is almost a perfect entry. But from a conservative perspective, you genuinely want to see right this mitigation to lead to this break of structure because then you have a very conservative and safe entry that you have to play based off of previous candles.

And it makes a whole lot of sense, right? Because you're not going pro trend. You now have order flow disruption here. You now have a breaker structure here on a smaller scale. So you now have a high probability scenario. Which will give you downside movement. Okay? So example number two of disruption, right?

Same thing here, right? We're pretty much coming lower, lower, right? High, low, high, low, right? But in order to continue order flow, right? I'm seeing this interruption [00:20:00] here, right? Something we're gonna cover later, interruptions and which are called turbulence points. We're gonna cover that later, but, As you can see, in order for me to want to continue order for the, or in order for me to, to favor down more downside, I need to see the reaction here.

Right? But as you can see, when we came back, we broke through this and left relative equal highs once again, right? So this could either be seen as a micro breaker structure, but I don't wanna see it as that. I wanna see it as an order flow disruption because it makes more sense and it gives me more clarity in terms of directional bias.

Well, in the short term, or based on the timeframe you're on so as you can see, right, this order flow broke, we now gave an unwillingness to continue lower, gave that break of structure. And even though we mitigated something here, you now have that break of structure here from the final high that took out a low there, right?

You now have that structure break. So as you can see now, we came back to mitigate this SC and bullish order flow is now taking place [00:21:00] because of the disruption of order flow present here. Okay. So very, very tricky concept. Kind of, kind of, yes. No, maybe really just depends on, on your listening skills here, but just keep in mind, right, let me take out my notes.

Keep in mind, right, that analyzing order flow isn't about the quantity of mitigations, it's about observing the nature of the mitigation reactions, right? And there is no exact way to go about it. So it's very subjective to each person that's listening to this right now. So just make sure you're studying reactions right?

You're studying every little detail because at the end of the day, the more detailed you are and the more information you have, the more information you have, the more confident you'll be about executing trades, right? So more of a longer video here, but I'm gonna end it off here and I'll see you guys in the next one.

