Point of Invalidation

===

[00:00:00] All right guys. Welcome to the next video, phase five. Here we will discuss the point of invalidation concept, which I think is a, is a very, very good concept that emphasizes on being conservative and is a great way or is a great place to, to place your SL as you're starting to trade this style because transitioning from.

40, anywhere from 20 to 40 to 50 pip stops to now 5, 4, 3, 7, you know, to single digit. It's, it's a, it's very hard in terms of your psyche at first, but it's over time you will get, you know, accustomed to it. But I just believe that this concept is something that will help you immensely with that transition because it gives you a conservative SL where essentially if that, Point is hit, then your entire bias, or not your entire bias, but your entire entry is invalid, right?

Potentially sometimes even the bias. So the definition of a point of invalidation, [00:01:00] right, is essentially a point in which the desired scenario becomes invalid if struck. So there's two types of point of validation that I use, right? There's there, I'm pretty sure you could come up with more ways to use it.

But there's essentially one, this isn't the one that I use. Too much because it's more so already in the back of my head. Right. Let's say we're looking at structure right? As we're coming here. Let's say we're looking for an entry here, right? The point of validation in terms of structure is here because obviously this low created a new high.

So if this low is now taken out, then the overall bias is, is essentially. Invalid. Right. Whereas now if we create a new, high new point of validation, right? And just keep in mind that it's these, this low is a full bias point of validation. Not necessarily if you take out these lows here, because there's always a chance that you can have a liquidity grab.

Right. Or any scenario like that. Right. And I know that we have the disruption concept, [00:02:00] right? But I'm only using this as a term of. Of point of validation. I'm only using it in this context as. You know, as the overall bias shifter. Obviously, if there's certain things that happen inside of here, then it doesn't need to take this out because let's say we have here and then we have unwillingness, right?

And then we have a break of structure, right? Then, you know, this is the, this is now the bearish point of validation. So I don't really use it for this because like I said, it's in the, it's more so in the back of my head. But I do use it a lot with With entries. And that's essentially the main reasoning why I use this concept.

So let's go ahead and get started with the, your u s D 32nd timeframe, right? So, right. As you can see, there is a point of interest. Right. As you can see, there is a micro breaker structure here, right. Which then leads to a pullback, right? Which pretty much filled inefficiency there potentially, right?

And we had an impulse to the downside, but keep in [00:03:00] mind that this impulse did not take out structure right. But also, keep in mind, we didn't mitigate anything. So any move up is still unsupported, but now it's a matter of where it's gonna reverse, right? So I have my POI here inside of the premium based on the high low.

But because this low did not create a. New low here, there is a chance we can have a liquidity grab and actually hit this other 32nd SC here. Right? So to cover myself, I'm not gonna put my SL above this high, right? Even though that's, you know, a crazy way to get crazy rr right? It'll kill your win rate. So you don't only wanna do that if you have a point of validation in place here, right?

And you put your SL above that plus spread of course. You can now comfortably either react here or here with the same risk profile, even though your SL is probably 1, 2, 3 pips more. You can now ha are essentially covered and just in case if it reaches back up here. We will, you know, react. If we react from here, then we will still [00:04:00] catch the move.

And we don't actually get that SL hit because you don't wanna be too tight with the SL because it becomes unrealistic. And once you start taking those consecutive losses, it can hurt your psyche. Right? And then you may not want to trade the style anymore. So you want to be aggressive, but you want to be conservative while you're aggressive at the same time.

Because we're being aggressive in terms of trying to catch this reversal here, but we're being conservative because we're following rules, right. And we're being conservative with the, so, Okay, so that's example one. Example number two, right? U SD CAD here, another one here where you see a low to create a high, right?

The initial structure break is here. There's actually more so a disruption especially because we came back into this wic, right? Came back to mitigate this WIC and then it took it out, right? Which, Validates this as a disruption of bullish order flow. Therefore, this move up is unsupported, so it means there's probably a reason behind it, right?

As you can see. We came back [00:05:00] into in inefficient pricing. But I'm not gonna put my SL above this inefficient pricing, right? I'd rather be conservative and I'd rather, you know, make sure that I get the winner. So I'm using this high because you obviously have a breaker structure and micro breaker structure here based on this low, right, which then leads to a pullback.

And then here is where you see momentum continuation, continuation, continuation, right? So, That means that there is inefficient pricing left over right here. And this is the leg high. Well, the structure leg high here, right? So I know that if we break this right, there is no other POI above this. Even though you could say this is a poi, I don't trade these extremely deep replacements, I think they're unsustainable.

And I think if you try to trade them over time, you're gonna see that you'll take a lot of losses. So I'm going off of the inefficient pricing. Right. Putting this at a structural high here. Right. And then, you know, I'm obviously, even though I still get a very, very good trade here, I'm in jaw [00:06:00] down for no more than two, three minutes.

Right. I'm now, you know, covered in terms of sl and I know that if my SL hits then my entire bias, my entire trade idea is invalid. Okay. So idea number three. Right. Okay. Now we're looking at G on the 32nd. Okay. So, Right, as you can see, right? Even though the entire leg here is bearish, right? We see disruption one, disruption two, right?

Not to mention this didn't even reach the inefficient pricing here. So this to me now, right, is a disruption of these two highs and an unsupported move to the downside, right? So as you can see, there's a line here. So this line here is essentially showing me that this candle, this pushed on candle mitigated the inefficiency here showing that there is an SC inside of this candle.

So I'm gonna assume the whole candle, right? So the, if this candle [00:07:00] is broken, then realistically there is nothing left to un to mitigate here. So I don't need that extra pip and a half of stop loss, right? So you see, even though for some scenarios it can widen your stop. Right. In this scenario, it actually, it actually makes it smaller, right?

Instead of putting it at the low. Why? Because we understand order flow and we understand that price has to mitigate here because there's nothing left to mitigate below this, right? Or else if it does break, then the idea is, you know, more than likely going to be invalid. Okay? So as you can see, point of validation at the level of this candle, right entry.

Right on the inefficiency fill potential sc inside of the candle. Right? And as you can see, that essentially reversed. So example number three, this is ano, this is a more tricky example, but I think it's very educational, right? So we have our low, our high, we have our retracement, we have our unwillingness, we have our break of structure, hence the blue line break of [00:08:00] structure, right?

So we, after the break of structure, we have a continuation to fill inefficiency. Right, continue lower right. We broke this candle. So to me this is dis this is disruption. I'm sorry, disruption, right? Which then leads to a pullback continuation, right? And we now see an SC candle here, but that was taken out.

So this is now disruption. So if this is to react still, this is now an unsupported move. So even though we've took out structure here, right, this is now I've solidified low. I use this high just because it's where the impulse starts, but you can very well use this high. If you use this high, I'd have to use this high, then this low, then this high, then this low.

Okay? So you could use this high or this high. Either one is okay, as long as you understand what you're doing. But anyways, right? As we can see, right after this initial structure break, right, we see that we see the pullback, right? So we're now technically in bullish order flow, but [00:09:00] it's unsupported because we didn't mitigate anything here and the mitigation candle was taken out.

So we have a solidified high to low retracement, right? Wherever that reacted from, there is no nothing that I see off the bat that causes this reaction here, right? Be, but even if this was like the, the wick here that tu that tapped right? My point of invalidation, if based on that trade would've been here, Right, because you can see there's one candle, push up, move down one candle up the wake up, you can see that mitigated and that created the downside move.

So my point of validation, if I was gonna take it off of an inefficiency here, here, then would be there, right? So bullish order flow is now intact. As you can see, equal highs taken out right after the equal highs were taken out. We may be mitigated inefficiency, who knows? And that created downside momentum that now took out structure here.

So I'm only catching the retracement inside of the premium. Right? [00:10:00] Which is here, the inefficiency fill. And because there's nothing left above this to mitigate because we created the structural range high low retracement continuation, right? That signifies to me that this is my point of validation, right?

So it's very subjective per scenario. With some scenarios it can make your tight, your stop loss very, very tight. With some scenarios it can make your tight a bit bigger. But that's only because you're applying theory, you're applying logic, right? And you're justifying these positions. While at the same time, making sure the probability of them having a favorable solution is there or a favorable outcome is there.

Right? So you're being conservative but aggressive. So you guys see kind of what I mean with that. So, yeah, other than that, I mean this is the final example. And I think this is a very good example though, because you have disruption one, disruption, two unsupported move, micro break of structure, inefficiency fill, point of invalidation, continuation, high, low retracement continuation, right?

So for the most part, that'll wrap up this video and I'll see you guys in the next one.

