Solidified Highs &amp; Lows

===

[00:00:00] All right guys. Welcome to the solidified high and low video. Pretty much just explaining another perspective of how you can reference structure based on solidified lows and highs, which show an intent of either the continuation or the pullback initiation. And by continuation, I mean the continuation of trend.

So just to get started just show you the. Quick drawings, right? First thing we see is our low in the red circle. We have a low, a high, we have the preliminary structure break. And we then make this solidified high because even though this is a continuation, b o s right, it's all, that's all that is.

It's a pullback initiation. We cannot assume reversal until further confirmation, which will also stress continuation over reversal, which is something I've told you guys for months now. So if you want a [00:01:00] strict definition A solidified higher low is a higher low that has taken the preliminary level of structure, a K A V continuation, b o s, and it's essentially the beginning of the pullback or the beginning of the continuation of trend.

Right. So how is this useful? Well, it's useful because, This is a good way to see which structural range you are currently in, and it also gives you a different perspective on how you can organize your structure. So yeah, pretty much as we can see, high, low, high preliminary structure break solidified high, right solidified low because we then take out structure again.

So this is now my solidified low into my high, but we have to recognize what this means. This showed intent to want to go lower. But it failed. Meaning there has to be volume somewhere here, meaning that my solidified [00:02:00] low is a good place on where I can use my fib for premium discount. And it gives me a better reference on, you know, pretty much finding POIs, finding my point of validation much faster.

You know, anything of such. Right. So we have solidified low solidified high preliminary structure, break making this solidified high. And then we have potential poi or structure retap here. And the red, the final red circle, leads to the upside, which means that it took preliminary structure, making it a solidified low, right?

So example two, we have high low, right? We have the preliminary structure break. Right, which in reference this is actually a bullish liquidity grab on a Bears trend. So, like I said, you wanna stress. Continuation over reversal as, as long as you possibly can, unless you have obviously other confirmation.[00:03:00] But as you can see, the hive and took a preliminary level of structure.

So this is still bearish, right? Final example you see high low preliminary structure break. This is now your solidified low. Right. You then come high, low, high, low, high, and then you take preliminary structure again, making this solidified high. Right, so this is now essentially the retracement of the initiation, high low retracement continuation.

As you can see, even though there is smaller trends inside of this leg here, we are still fully bearish, as in high, low, high, low, high, low, high, low ray. This is the final structural range that created a low. Was then taken continuation b o s, but still bearish. So low, high, low, high, low. Right. So pretty much it's just emphasizing whether or not [00:04:00] you get that preliminary structure break right?

And you have to find meaning in that, which means that you now have a solidified structural point, right? But you can have a solidified higher low without having a solidified structure point. And we'll, we'll, pretty much, I'll show you a bit, couple of examples on that. First example, U U S D. Just starting pretty broad, right?

As you can see, we are bearish. I'm bearish. I'm sorry, bullish, right? So we have a low down here into a high. We then take preliminary structure, right? Meaning that if this is, let's say, major intra intraday, this is now the beginning of a minor intraday, bearish movement, which is the major intraday pullback.

Right. So even if you get it wrong in terms of this is major Intrada, this is minor intra day, I more so care for you to acknowledge that this is the start of the structural level below the one you're [00:05:00] talking about. That is the beginning of that pullback, right? So structural level, initial structural that was taken out, pullback initiates, right?

So we now have high. Low, high, low, high, low. But then we take the high, the preliminary high out, and this is now my solidified low, so this is now high, low, high, low, high, low. High, low, high structure break solidified high. So the beginning of the pullback. But as you can see, this pullback is very messy.

Hence why we stress continuations over reversal. And as you can see, preliminary structure break low, high, low, took out the high, solidified low, didn't take out. Previous low, I'm sorry, previous low. So this is done my solidified structure point. This is considered unwillingness, so this unwillingness leads us to the o, the new [00:06:00] high, which means this is my structural leg from low to high.

So as soon as we get to the high, you can see low, high, low. Hi low. Unwillingness break of structure, preliminary structure, break solidified high, right? So we now have low, high, low, high, low preliminary structure break solidified low. But this is now a break of structure, right? So, excuse me, this any move to the upside now unless we break.

Our high is a low is a lower high. But because we have the preliminary structure break and a solidified low, I know that the structural level below this current one is bullish. So low. I mean high, low, high, low, high breaker structure, continuation. And this leads to a solidified high, but [00:07:00] this is not a structural point unless we take out the low, which is what happened, because this did not break the high.

So this is still technically a retracement to continue lower. This is not a structural point to me, but this is a solidified point because we took out structure. So this could be unwillingness or unless we transition, let's say anywhere here, then this can continue higher. Right. Same thing here, which this would be a solidified point, but not a structural point.

But because this solidified high leads to an overall structure break, we have a solidified high and a solidified low. And this is now a structural point, but we cannot assume that without this data. Okay, so as the solidified low takes preliminary structure, this is now a solidified low, so high, low, high, low, high liquidity grab, initial structure break.

[00:08:00] This is now solidified high. This is now high, low retracement, right? Creates the bias and low high. Unwillingness, unwillingness, no man's land. So high, low, high, low continuation. Right? So I pretty much want you to reference the important highs. And essentially figure out or understand if they are just solidified points of structure or if they're actual structural points.

That kind of sounds weird. I need to, you know, I guess maybe reword that. But as, as you can see, when we were speaking of. For example, this structural high, right? Because at the time this did not break structure. This is not a structural point, but it is a solidified high because we took preliminary structure.

Okay? So a solidified point is not a structural point. I guess that's the better way to, to word that. Anyways, onto [00:09:00] the next example. All right. This is A E D U S D. Next example is essentially another downtrend. Or a down trend. I'm sorry. And we have, we start off with a high, low preliminary structure break solidified low, high, low.

High, but this high now has the preliminary structure break, which leads to a smaller structural level breaker structure here, as you can see, because we took this out. So if this is major intra day, that would be a minor intra day structural range based on the major today. Structural range. So you can see that it makes you a lot more organized.

And you can see this would've been a potential entry entry although it was sloppy, right? But anyways, to keep going, there is structural points inside of here. But the overall picture is that this high created this low because that is the last time we took [00:10:00] structure out. Right? So although this can be messy, right?

You, this could be more. So you trying to study where direction is going, because even though you are B bearish, I'm sorry, you are seeing signs of optimism immediately followed by signs of bearishness. So, This is good to study, but in terms of trading it, this is more so seen as no men's land. So moving on from high to low.

Initial structural point was, was taken, I'm sorry, solidified low, high, low, high, low, high structure brake, preliminary structure. Brake solidified high. So we now have a high low retracement. Structure. This is a premium. This is an execution to the downside, right? So it, he allows you to be more, much more opportunist and only take trades that make sense with obviously the premium could be 50% in efficiency, lower timeframe, break of [00:11:00] structures, you can see there with targeting previous low solid execution there, right next.

Because we are still bearish, right? Here's what we have to acknowledge is the fact that this solidified low carries momentum. Even though it is a solidified low, we are still bearish this strong momentum and we powered through the preliminary structure break which could lead to an eventual liquidity grab, right?

So, We now have to probably dive into this and this to understand why this then went to the downside. So even though this is a structural high, right, because we took previous structure, this immediately took liquidity, making a solidified high, but. Excuse me. This is now referred to as a liquidity grab because we took preliminary structure and we took liquidity.

So this dictates, right, a bearish direction, including strong [00:12:00] momentum, right? So then there is high, low retrace cement continuation, but we can actually dive in further. Right, which is here. Right. And so pretty much trying to dissect the no man's land aspect, right? We have a high. Low, right? And so the blue was what we were originally talking about, but now we can refer to the red.

So the red is a low high preliminary structure break in the bold red or, or bright red line here, right? So we have a high, I mean low high preliminary structure break solidified high solidified low because we took preliminary structure. So this is a low high retracement continuation. Right. But even though this is bullish, our structural range is bearish, right?

So eventually from this high, we have a preliminary structure break, and there is internal structure here, here, here, here, here. But this leads to the bearish structure [00:13:00] break that we were originally talking about, right? So taking the execution here is Is not, I wouldn't say preferred, but it is logical.

It does make sense, right? But you obviously can't dictate what happens after that. So as you can see you, even if you would've executed here, right? And this is a solidified low, but the solidified low, I mean, solidified high. I'm sorry, didn't take out structure. So this eventually led to unwillingness continuation, right?

But even though this is a structure break, right? Let's reference this entire leg. So we have a low, high, low, high, low, high. So still bullish in terms of the internal structure, but our structural range is bearish. So all this was was a liquidity grab to the downside. Right. So it could, could be a bit confusing, but if you understand solidified points and you apply structural range logic into it, it makes a lot more [00:14:00] sense, in my opinion.

So from the slow preliminary structure break, low, high, low, high. I'm sorry, high over here. Low, high. Right. Even though this is a considered a structural break, this is a solidified point, but it's not a structural point because we didn't take out previous liquidity or previous high. I'm sorry. So this is one full leg to the upside and this high and the low, and these structure breaks are just internal structure of the previous structural range.

So we now have a new high, right? So we are technically bullish now technically, but because this high then took out preliminary structure and even took out minor intraday structure, right? This is now a liquidity graph based on low, high. Reversal liquidity grab. So this leads to the eventual internal structural range, high low retracement continuation.

But as you can see, we are now fully bearish in [00:15:00] terms of high and low. And because we took out our preliminary structure, this is a solidified point which leads to low, high, low, high, low, high preliminary structure break. And an internal liquidity grab, which leads to taking out liquidity and structure.

Right? So we now have a high low retracement. We have an internal structural range in terms of high, low, a retracement, and this is a premium. So it could be 50% inefficiency, lower timeframe entry, and that is a great execution in my opinion. So as you can see, that would be taking an execution based on structural range solidified high, dictating that the solidified high is the ending of the pullback and the beginning of the impulse, right?

So the retracement is a conservative entry and you can then Essentially continue structure, continue trend. Okay, so last example is under is pretty much [00:16:00] dissecting this G or actually currently the g structure. So our overall. Structural range is bullish in terms of low and high, right? But because we are now have a solidified low here, because we took out the preliminary structure, as you can see from here, it was high, low, high.

Low, high, low. You can see there was no immediate structure. Breaks here solidified low because of the structural break here. So this is now the pullback of low high retracement. That's the ending of it. So this leads to an eventual unwillingness preliminary structure break. Didn't note it, my bad. Preliminary structure break here.

This high leads to a bearish structural range. So this is a break of structure, hence [00:17:00] why the retracement led to the new low, because our solidified point is already here. We just have an internal structural range, a internal break of structure, and at the time of this, it is. June 17th, and the recent au breakdown that I showed you actually shows that there was actually a, a, an internal bare structural range.

And that's what I played under, which is essentially the same scenario here. High, low, re high, low retracement, right? So this retracement is now a solidified structure point because we have low, high, low, high, low, high. The retracement internal structure break and eventual structure break making this the solidified high low retracement.

You can see long wic, potentially an SC in here, and that leads to the new bear structural range based on high, low. Right. So we took preliminary structure, right? [00:18:00] We created equal lows, but low, high, low, high structure. But because we take this structural point or internal structural point out, this is now because we took out preliminary structure, this is now a liquidity grab, a solidified high.

A retracement of high, low retracement, so there is a continuation that occurs low, high, low takes that preliminary structure here and here, making this solidified low. Based on high lower retracement. So this is now where it gets a bit confusing because this is a retracement that led to unwillingness break of structure.

So as to why we continued lower, we would have to di dive deeper, right? Because at the moment this would be low, high, low, high retracement unwillingness breaker structure. But we can dive deeper. [00:19:00] Right. And once we dive deeper in the turquoise right there is a low, high preliminary structure break.

As you can see, high, low, high, low, high, low break of immediate structure solidified low, low, high retracement continuation. Takes high. This then takes preliminary structure, then takes full structure, and this makes this a solidified high into the beginning of the pullback because we are still bullish based on this timeframe.

So, or based on the structural level. So we have a low, high retracement. Preliminary structure break into the new high, but this high has a preliminary structure break making a solidified point. So this is now unwillingness based on low high retracement unwillingness break of structure here, preliminary [00:20:00] structure, break solidified point, and we now have a high low retracement continuation.

Right. But how do you act on this? So let's say we are in a low, high retracement continuation. I'm sorry, right? Immediate structure break. Right. Immediate structure break solidified high solidified low because we took structure out. But now that we see that this is a solidified high because structural points have been taken out, right, this is now the, the unwillingness based on high, low retracement.

I'm sorry. Low, I mean, low high retracement, unwillingness. Sorry about that. So as you can see, this is now a solidified structure point, unwillingness, even though it's high risk in terms of structure, right? There is a prelim, a, an inter internal structural range. Here, you could even see that this WIC stands out, and that is where price reacted from and led [00:21:00] to the move to the downside, which is.

I would say about 200 pips, 250 pips at least. So yeah, if you wanted to act based on it, then you're acting based on the fact that you have an internal structure break, a solidified high unwillingness, which now fits. The overall narrative of high, low, high, low, high, low, and even though we have a bullish scenario here, right?

I would see it as a trap because of the unwillingness, and you're now preparing to go the opposite direction. Right. So in summary, solidified structural points are just points that take out the preliminary structure point, making that a solidified high or low. And these are referenced alongside structural ranges, alongside momentum, alongside POIs to give you more confluence, to give you more reasoning to justify a position.

So with that being said, I'll see you guys in the next video.[00:22:00] 

