Structural anatomy
===

[00:00:00] Okay guys, welcome to phase two of the rc. New of the New Rcv course, per se, RCV 2.0, whatever you want to call it. So the entire focus of phase two is pretty much everything structure related. And it's gonna be broken down from anatomy to what a structural range is. Structural ranges inside structural ranges, right?

Confluence with structural ranges and analyzing continuation BOS versus reversal bos, and then differentiating breaker structures from liquidity grabs. Okay, so video number one, structural anatomy. What does structural anatomy mean? Structural anatomy is essentially the characterization of specific but relative timeframes to match certain levels of structure.

So the reason why I say specific but relative is because I don't want you to have a, [00:01:00] so a pretty much a solidified timeframe per level of structure. Why? Because there's so many to choose from. And from what I use, I only use about six levels of structure, three or four of them on a regular basis. Okay, so I'd rather create a relative quote unquote range of timeframes so that we can match those levels of structure, and it's easier for you to understand overall direction and even short term direction.

Okay? So the reason behind, you know, taking this type of approach is it becomes very detailed and it's hard to miss or hard to essentially get your direction wrong. When you understand every single level of structure and as we will cover in the next video, how to cover points of liquidity, solidify structure points you know, stuff like that.

So essentially where we're gonna start here, right, is I've made a list, right? But this is [00:02:00] only relative. Right. Do not just write down what's on the screen and just start using that for yourself. You have to study this. You have to look into the charts, and you have to see what works for you. Why? Because the same way that I look at structure will not be the same way You look at structure, which will be not the same as the person next to you or the other member is looking at structure, right?

Everything is pretty much subjective to our perception. Okay? So the reason why I did, you know, make a list here is to pretty much have. So pretty much give you something to work off of, right? So for example, right, your position timeframes, your position trades, right? These can last weeks, years. These are your extremely long holds, which can be anywhere from a couple of weeks to a couple of months, to even a couple of years.

Okay? So, All right. Instead of having the one week here, oh, actually that's just the timeframe. I'll just leave that as [00:03:00] Right. These are pre predominantly the range of timeframes that I would typically use for that. Okay. Next is your swing level of structure. So these swings can last anywhere from a couple of days to a couple of weeks.

Okay. And the reason for that, Right. I mean, and because of that is the reason why I'm using the one day and the three day because it's, it gives you a wide range of data, but not as much as a position, but not as little as a, a major intra day timeframe. Okay. So, I would predominantly stay in the daily timeframes for your swing direction.

And depending on your pair, depending on how much it moves, how fast it moves, you can go through the different timeframes. Okay. Next is your major intraday. These trades, I mean these, these moves. Typically, I would say anywhere from 12 to 24 hours, maybe a little bit more, maybe a little bit less, right. As I said, it's all relative, and I would stick to [00:04:00] essentially anywhere between H one and H four for this.

Okay, next is your minor intra day. Right? So I pretty much narrowed this down to essentially the quote unquote legs inside of major intra day. So if a major intra day is 12 to 24 hours, I would say the minor intra day is anywhere from two to six. Obviously, like I said, don't take that with a grain of salt.

Go check this out yourself. All right. And now below minor in today is your scalping timeframes, which are going more so into your M one, M three. Right. And I'm sorry if I didn't say minor in today. Minor in today. Would it be more so your essentially medium term timeframes inside of your minutes?

Timeframes, which would be N 10? I'm 30, I'm 15, I'm 20. Maybe even M 45. Right. Like I said, test this out. Right next to scalping. Right. Which are pretty much the legs inside of your minor intra day legs. Right. So these will be any, be anywhere from, [00:05:00] I'd like to say no more than an hour. Anywhere from 30, 45 minutes to an hour would be kind of ideal for me.

Right. And then your micro, which is gonna be your second timeframes. And your M one timeframes. Okay? So we're gonna get into chart breakdowns right now, but I am not gonna cover microstructure. And let me tell you why. Because for one, right, for the beginner in this course, I don't want you to start diving into M one and diving into seconds timeframes and just start executing trade because you think, you know.

All of this, so the reason why I'm only gonna cover position to scalp is because I want you to learn how to analyze those timeframes and use your discoveries to then learn how to read microstructure. Okay? So I just don't want the mistake of a lot of old, new members. To essentially come back for the newer members which was essentially executing based off smaller [00:06:00] timeframe, not knowing what they're doing, not testing, being lazy.

Okay? So I'm gonna let that be a quote unquote, I guess, homework assignment for you. If you even care to use micro timeframes, right? You don't need micro timeframes, right? You, you very well, you could be, you'll be very well with. Only using scalping timeframes, minor day timeframes. And you can easily get your one to tens, one to fifteens.

And then as you understand overall direction, that's where you can get your one to forties, one to fifties. Right. But our art isn't everything. Right. And we're gonna keep discussing this as we go through the course. Okay?

Okay. So, I'm going to essentially break down a couple of of moves for you here, right? So if you're watching this after you watch the next video, which is gonna talk about structural ranges and solidified structure points, right? I'm not using those rules here [00:07:00] because this is only gonna be an introductory portion of structure.

So if you think, oh, that's not a solidified structure point, why are you using it? Don't worry about it. I just want to expose you to what I'm trying to portray in this message, which is essentially understanding that moves legs are composed of legs of legs, and those legs are composed of other legs, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.

Okay? So right as we can see here, right? High, low, high, low, high, low, high.

