Structural Disruption
===

[00:00:00] All right guys. Welcome to the next video. I'm pretty sure I'm gonna put this in in the miscellaneous section, but pretty much we're going to be covering structural disruptions. And what I mean by structural disruption, I. It's essentially a sequence of structure. Can be a double liquidity grant.

Doesn't necessarily have to be, but what this is essentially portraying is it emphasizes that price is showing a willingness to go in one direction. Be order flow and internal structure, and then have insufficient effort to give the full move and then completely reverse on you. And that is a derivative of showing a hand because it's now shown the narrative in play that it showed willingness to go in one direction to then go in the opposite direction.

So it can be seen. I would say I've, I've seen this on every timeframe. I'm, I'm gonna show you a couple of scalp, minor and major and Shada [00:01:00] moves. But it's usually a conjunction of at least two structural levels, whereas it could be scalp and micro minor intrada and scalp, major Intrada minor just it's usually at least two.

And that's because the internal structure is what's gonna give you the sign of potential willingness in one direction to then give you. You know, the, the real move per se, and I say that because it's subjective and the real move isn't shown until, you know, after you've won the trade, but you get what I mean.

So pretty much the main things I, I'm gonna cover here is I want you to emphasize. On focusing on the immediate range in play, because that is the only thing that you can react based on, right? Like I said, not prediction based, reaction based. With that. With that, I mean, you make a play based on the order flow and structure given.

To then give you a potential scenario. And if, let's say, if you lose, well maybe if you lost it's because you got a direction wrong. And that's why I [00:02:00] say don't give up after the first scenario. Find the justified scenario and you know, that is where you're gonna see your winners. So let's go ahead and get started with the examples.

I'm sorry if they look a little blurry. I did a lot of these on my laptop. And now I'm putting them on the big screen, so hopefully it's not too bad. But anyways. Right in this first example, looking at A U D U S D, as you can see, right? We are already bullish, right? We are bullish for one, two. As we come into the structural disruption, I'm analyzing the internal range to see where order flow will take me.

So I see. Right, that we potentially have a sign of barness. Why do I say that? Because we have a push to the upside and then we have a, a low that isn't mitigated, but we have a pushup to mitigate, to create a break of structure, making this a solidified high. But this break of structure leaves relative equal lows, so [00:03:00] potentially could be a target.

But remember, liquidity is not your source of. Excuse me. It is not where you derive your bias from. They're only targets anyways, right? As you can see, if you theoretically would've taken scenario here in continuation of order flow, that would've been a loss. That is the invalidation. So keep in mind, this is still bearish, so this still gives you a bear ship to the downside, but we're now looking at.

This M five wic, and there could be a potential SC in here. And this unwillingness leads to a breaker structure. So this gave us the willingness, the the potential of giving us a downside move, failed, reversed, and now you get a discount to then get a move to the upside. So even if you took the loss here, this you would've at least already partialed out because of the potential target here.

Excuse me. So here's the thing. After that, depending on where your entry was, [00:04:00] you could have potentially been broken, even here, right? But the invalidation was never taken out. Once again, relative equal lows. Not an influencer of bias, but a target. So however, this, although we did break structure here to give us a downside move, the final mitigation, I'm gonna call it mitigation because we did not rate the poi, led to a bullish liquidity grab in terms of low.

I mean high low breaker structure, internal breaker structure that emphasizes the liquidity grab and that emphasizes this is still a correct move. So even though you, if you got the grid entry, it still would not be broken even. And it still has potential to go higher because of the liquidity grab. So the liquidity grab is then came to be mitigated, and then that is what led to the real move to the upside.

So you see how the effect was created by the cause, right? White off rule. Moving on to the next example. This is actually the one we covered on Zoom. [00:05:00] Today is August 6th, and I believe on last Tuesday Zoom. We we reviewed this and this is another good example where we are bearish, right? The other one was a continuation.

This is a reversal. So this, we're bearish. We break preliminary level of structure, right? Create a breaker structure here. But that fills and that continues higher. So we have a recognized. Structural range here, which led to taking out the first preliminary level of structure in terms of this leg here.

But this was, could be interpreted as a liquidity grab because this took liquidity and then broke one, two levels of structure. That's also why you gotta emphasize solidified points and not just every structure point. But this came to mitigate this 32nd candle, gave it push to the upside. This is a premium.

Let's say you could have, excuse me, you could have potentially found an entry here. [00:06:00] And a continuation to the downside. But this could have either been broken even, or you could have taken the loss there because we did not break the 50% of this poi here based on the internal structural range, which led to a new high and a new high.

So once this new high is created, The bearish willingness here was then taken out, giving us a painted narrative. The narrative is now in play, and as you can see, this is a M one, M two in efficiency, I believe, and the invalidation is there, and that is still about a three pip stop, and it's already 15 pips up, which is already one of five at least.

Plus, if you look at the ch at the trade at the time or at the, at the Zoom where we reviewed it, this has a lot of potential to the upside. Anyways, right. As you can see, the transition occurred, but then the counter transition occurred and that is where you capitalize. So even though you take a preliminary break even, or even a loss, it can easily be recovered [00:07:00] if you understand internal structure.

Example three, right? We are bearish, high, low retracement, right? And although we have potential unwillingness right here, right, we do have. I don't have anything to mark with anyways. We do have a potential bullish liquidity grab, right? Because this was the solidified low because we took out the preliminary structure.

This is no potential unwillingness of high, low retracement, unwillingness, liquidity grab potentially. But then we ended up breaking structure, took liquidity, and then gave a very bullish scenario that is giving us a bullish narrative, right? Based on structural rules. So, This is a justified, bullish scenario.

Because we have the bullish breaker structure, the bull liquidity grab a potential conversion, and that's how you get a very big trade. However, just as easily as we converted to bullish, we can convert back to bearish. [00:08:00] So immediately after the reaction here about 20 pips up, we see bearish mitigation.

This does not mean cell, by the way. This is an aggressive cell that I probably wouldn't, wouldn't take the cell if I'm being honest. But this mitigation leads to an internal disruption and a new breaker structure so you can see a high and a low. So even though we have the disruption, we are now in harmony with our structural range.

So, Even though we pulled back, gave another potential liquidity grab. The structural range is in play, and the other structural range is in play. So as you can see, the bearish order flow here dictates another move to the downside. And there's conservative entry, continuations, continuations, continuations.

But the picture I'm trying to paint here is the fact that just as easy as we converted to bullish here and we got the reaction to the bullish side, [00:09:00] just as easy we can get back to being bearish. And just because we are bearish right, we can find those premium entries and, and find those continuations, right?

So this square, this is my mistake. This square should be here, right? Because this is high low continuation, this is now a solidified low solidified high. So it should be that range. That's my bad right there. Anyways, next example. As you can see, we are bearish. We are bearish, right? But we have a potential liquidity grab here because we take liquidity and then give a bullish bias.

But in reality, this could just be taking liquidity and it is just the pullback of high low retracement. Either way from a medium term. This is a justified, bullish scenario because of the bull liquidity grab. So this, you know, although we did not create a new high, we took preliminary structure, but then we came to mitigate again.

Right, and we actually took preliminary structure there, [00:10:00] but we are not creating a substantial new high based on this high, and by substantial new high, I mean up here. So this means that it's taking a lot of effort for this to push up. So what happens in effect, as you can see, liquidity was taken, liquidity was taken.

Excuse me. And this created a bearish liquidity grab because we came to take out the low and we are unwilling to make a substantial new high. So this is now bearish high, bearish low in harmony with our structural range. So that now means that this premium entry is justified. So you can see a bullish scenario, a bearish scenario.

Both are justified. Both are okay to take. Okay. Now as we zoom in here, you know, just the same thing here. As you can see, we have our high, which we are unwilling to break. We have a justified bullish scenario, right? And we have the internal liquidity grab, which [00:11:00] dictates the bearish bias. All you need to do is get the entry from a premium there, and that generates a big move to the upside.

Why cause effect. See what I mean? Final example, right? This is actually today during NFP this morning, right? So as you can see, we are bearish. Structural range is bearish. This was a M 30, this is an M 15, but this is an M 30 M 30 in efficiency film. Sorry, and this is solidified high because we take preliminary structure.

However, after we take preliminary structure, We convert to a bullish bias because of the bullish liquidity grab, right? So not only that, we have high momentum and then low momentum to the downside. But just as I said before, we can convert one way, we can convert the other way. So once we start zooming into this range, right, we can see a poi, the wic, right?

This creates [00:12:00] a reaction that's solidified high. This is a justified bullish scenario. Even here is justified bullish scenario, but this post mitigation does not create a new high. We don't even challenge the new high. But we don't even challenge the preliminary high, but that inevitably leads to an internal disruption and a new internal structural range.

So because this new instructional range is now in harmony with our original bias, Although the minor in today or or anything in between may be bullish, this is now bearish because this is now in harmony, and so this entry here is only a premium, and this premium generates a new low. And even just looking at this is 26 to 86, it's already 40 pips, right?

So as you can see, Right. It's all about the detail. It's all about emphasizing, right where price is, how price is reacting from desire, price, [00:13:00] and whether or not the conversion. Is going to go into continuation or if it's gonna go in terms of a reversal. So that pretty much emphasizes the study of ranges, which is what being a white cian is, right?

A white coffin is not somebody who annotates a range with a schematic prints and calls it a schematic. That is not a white off trader. A white off trader is an individual, a trader who trades trading ranges, dissects them. And understands the internal properties that pretty much generate the, showing its hand portion that you know that I always talk about, and it's until that is shown that you can make a prediction or a reaction off of.

Or to create a new high low, whatever it is that you're looking for. And that is essentially the whole aspect of being a work off trader. Studying ranges, right? Understanding internal order, flow structure, momentum volume [00:14:00] measuring effort based on that, right? And then understanding that the cause is the range.

So now the effect is going to be based on what happens inside of the cause. Right. And so that, you know, is going to all coincide to create what we call here a structural disruption. But in reality, all you're doing is measuring order flowing structure internally based on the narrative that's in play and a medium higher term bias.

So yeah. Hope that makes sense and I'll see you guys in the next video.

