Structural Ranges Cont
===

[00:00:00] Okay guys, welcome to the Structural Ranges continuation. We're pretty much, you're just gonna follow up on what we spoke on in the last video and although I may repeat some stuff from the previous video and I might repeat some of this stuff in the next video, I'm trying to kind of build upon each video so it makes it easier to understand and I believe repetition can help that.

And the only way to that I feel like I can hinder it is if I try to essentially rush through the concepts. So I'm trying to take my time and add on new things, each video. Okay. So the main goal of this video is essentially to emphasize right, that structural ranges are composed of structural ranges, right?

Meaning that in order for a swing reversal to occur, Right. You need that micro break of structure first, but people see that and are too optimistic about it [00:01:00] sometimes, and it essentially blinds them and it, and the best way for me to put it is that you chase lows and highs, right? Just because you see micro break of structure from a point of interest does not mean you're gonna get a major intra day reversal.

Right? Which is why, you know, the whole concept from the last video, the showing its hand is so important. It gives you clarity on top of clarity, if that makes sense. And on top of that, I also want to mention that as you're developing your models, as you're developing your trading plan, right, I want you to not only designate structural levels to specific or a specific range of timeframes.

I want you to also designate your structural levels to. A meaning. And what I mean by that is, for example, your position and your swing, structural ranges can be easily seen as higher timeframe [00:02:00] POIs and as overall directional bias, right? Or you can even include your major intra day, right? Whereas it could be your position as your overall your swing is your long-term bias and your major in today is your.

Your midterm bias, if that makes sense, right? So you can get creative with it. And then you can easily say like your your swing and your major intra day are used to find points of interest, whereas now your minor intra day is used to show its hand based off of those points of interest. You know, just get creative with it.

And then you could easily say your scalping and your micros could be for legitimately, you know, entering your trades, right? So I want you to get creative with that, but I want you to, to actually designate specific structural levels for each you know, each type of structural levels, if that makes sense.

Right? So just designate different things for different timeframes or different. Structural levels. Okay. [00:03:00] So essentially with the example that I'm gonna show here, right? I'm pretty much on the M 30, right? Which is kind of your minor in today, borderline major in today. As you get more experience with this, you'll be able to read your major in today like structural ranges and even when you're on your quote unquote minor intraday timeframes.

So, Right off the bat, right? We know this is bullish. Okay? So we know the direction of bias that this is going, right? Why are we taking out major highs and we're now here. Okay, so,

right. You could see that we're starting a pullback here, right? So although this range is, we created our new high here. Right. This is now still overall bullish, right. But we do see a break of structure.[00:04:00] 

Sorry about that. Okay. Sorry about that. What I essentially mean is that we see this break of structure based off of. This minor intra day leg inside of this major intra day leg. Right? Hence, you know, the, the pullback starting, right? So this could be another major intra day leg, right? Whereas these are your minors, and even though you have that minor structure break here,

Right to avoid confusion, right? I'm going to use this entire range here, right? Because we took out an immediate leg here, right? Whereas my other legs, right? Just so you can see some [00:05:00] clarity here would essentially be from this low to this high, right? This is one of the first times we see a type of pullback, right?

And then I'll see this as another leg, right? So notice this full leg here takes on your previous leg. Right. So even though we're seeing these breaker structures here, right? This is just a pullback to this initial breaker structure. Does that mean sell here? No, because we're still overall bullish. Okay.

Yes, you can have a very nice minor entry trade. Like this is for example, 35. This is a 60 70 pips. Okay? But we're looking for the overall moves with high probability. Okay? So, As you can see immediately from here, right? We now pretty much break structure here, okay? Right. So although we break structure here, this isn't where we stop, right?

This low creates this high. [00:06:00] So now to avoid confusion, I'm now looking at something like this. Okay, these are my legs here, right? So right as we see this happen, right? We might see a type of structure break here, but our overall range is still intact. Okay? So, right. Let's say this is now a minor intra day leg inside of.

Inside of this overall range, so we know we're bullish, right? But let's say this is to me, picking a low, because I don't see any type of point of interest here, right? Just hypothetically, right? Let's say that this minor intra day now creates this new high, right? So now our major intra day is bullish. Our minor intra day also shows that we're bullish.

[00:07:00] Right. So now I can start looking down

right into my scalping timeframes, into my micros. I'm not gonna get into the micros for obvious reasons I have stated before, right? But right. I scalping, right. I'm not gonna say why this is a POI either. That's more for phase three, right? But we now have structural support from our major intra today.

Our minor intra day has shown by Tan too, because we took out structure here, right? So now, although we're taking out these very, very minor structures, structure point here from probably your micro timeframes, right? We're still bullish because our swing is bullish. Our major intra day is bullish. And now our minor in today is bullish, right?

So we have a point of interest, right? And from here, This created that new high. But as you're playing this, right, you [00:08:00] see that, right? You see the reaction that fails to create a new high, but we're still bullish. So this is now a potential point of liquidity, only if it fits that overall picture. Okay? So unless this breaks, I am still bullish.

Okay. And this would then be the next I'd pretty much make another square here and that would create that new range to go higher. Okay. So even though right, this came here, this could have easily been another point of interest. Right. And that failed to break this low too. Right? So we're now inside of a very messy structure.

Just a very structured mess here, I guess I could say. And then although this high did not create a new low, this new low did not create a new high. So to completely avoid any type of confusion here, keep in mind where our overall structure is, right? Our swing is bullish. Our major in today's bullish.

Our minor in today's bullish, [00:09:00] okay? So I'm not gonna try to change my bias un well solely until this fully breaks because it's my minor in today. Right, but to initially see that, because this reacted from my point of interest, I don't want to see this break or else my entire bias could fall apart. Why?

Because then we can now see these as unwillingness and it could lead to bigger structured breaks. So, right, because this never broke, although this broke this here, and let's just go ahead and kick all this off just because this. Overall high took this, and even this took this, right, these smaller. Structure breaks, right?

Don't really mean much to my overall direction, right? Which is why I say just because you get scalping, break of structures, minor intraday, break of structures in the opposite direction of what the overall bias is, right? The validity, [00:10:00] the security of those structural ranges is a lot more slim, and that is e and that is perfectly shown here.

Right, because as I said, two to three times already, your swing is bullish, your major in day is bullish. Your minor in day is bullish, right? But if your scalp and your micro are bearish, your entry might be wrong, but your bias might still be correct, right? So you see how if you essentially correlate all of them right, and make it make sense, your probability of seeing a winning trade is highly increased.

And that goes back towards the logic aspect that goes back to the aspect of making it make sense. Okay? So hopefully that made sense for you guys. So just remember, right, structural ranges. Right are composed of more structural ranges. And in order to see a swing reversal, you must foresee a micro break of structure.

But just because [00:11:00] you get a micro break of structure or a s scaling break of structure, even a minor intra day break of structure, if your major intra day, your swing and your position is still bullish, right? The security of those micro scalp and maybe even minor in today. Breakup structures will not be as quote unquote probable, right, not as secure, right?

So just remember correlate all of your structural levels and make sure you have designated roles for your different structural levels. Like I said, know which ones are for your bias, know which ones are for POIs know which ones are for entry, and many different levels can have many different roles.

Right, because at the end of the day, it's not about the the tools that we use, it's about how those tools are used. Okay? So I'll see you guys in the next video.

