True Risk:Reward

===

[00:00:00] All right guys, welcome to the final video of phase five. So in this video, right, we're essentially gonna elaborate or give you another perspective on, you know, what the quote unquote true RR is. So in reality, right, har, I'm sorry, high rr right? Can be extremely misleading. Why? Right? Because you can have like a one to 20.

You can only make 7% after taking partials and after commissions, commission fees, and maybe even a reentry that you didn't speak about that you know, ended up being a loss, right? So it's extremely misleading, right? Because that one to 20 should generate 1% for 20%, right? But it just receives 7%. So it's extremely misleading.

Right. Therefore, the risk to reward per trade isn't, you know, what should be the most important focus. What actually matters is the overall rr over a set [00:01:00] amount of time, over a set amount of trades, whichever one you want to do, whether it's two to four weeks, or whether it's after 10 trades, or whether it's, you know, whatever you want to do with it.

So for example, Right. The reason why I'm doing this is, is for example, also, like, let's say you made 13% the first week of January after, let's say two trades. Right now, after two to three weeks, it's the end of the month and you're either negative or you're say, let's, let's say you're now 5% up. And you end up the month, you know, with an unfavorable position in comparison to what you were at the first week, right?

So what I want you to do, Is essentially document, right? Your every single trade in terms of your lot sizes, your which ones hit stop loss, which ones hit tp, which ones you partialed out, how much you partialed out. You know, just any type of data that falls in line with that, right? And essentially with the outcomes of your trades every month.

Right. And after, and I'm saying every [00:02:00] month, because that's what I'm basing this explanation on. It doesn't necessarily mean you have to do every month but after each month, right. You need to see what your quote unquote, real RR is. Right? For example, let's say I took 16 trades in January, right? And I made 80%.

Okay? Then. That means that if I took 16 trades and I made 80%, then my risk, right? My overall risk, right? If, if my risk profile is 1% per trade, then my risk is 16%, right? And my total return. Was 80% right? That means my, my true RR for the designated month of January was 16 to 80. Obviously, once you simplify that number, it, it will fall down to one to five, right?

That means that my true RR for the month was one to five, right? So hopefully I'm not confusing you guys. I'm, what I'm doing is I'm taking the amount of trades that I have with the [00:03:00] percent. Made or lost, right? And then essentially simplifying that ratio to, you know, come up with a true rr. Okay, so one to five is my true RR of the month, and I think this gives you a lot more clarity in your journaling, right?

Because let's say with this information you cannot derive whether you're trading too much. Right. Whether you're trying to reenter too many times, whether, you know, you're, you're risking too much per certain scenarios, right? And you're, you're acknowledging the risk factor and you're elaborating on it and you're seeing how you can fix it, right?

So I can, I can see how this can be a bit confusing, but trust me, whenever you start using this, especially over time, you're gonna see a lot more consistency. You're gonna see a lot more. Essential pickiness in terms of how you trade, right? And that also develops the longevity, the patience factor that we've, you know, came back to so many times in the course, right?

Just because I think it's one of the [00:04:00] most important attributes to have as a trader. But yeah, I mean, with that being said, This is the conclusion of phase five. Phase six is psychology, so Sergio will be taken care of without of those videos. So I hope you guys enjoyed, you know, the first five phases.

Please let me know if any video seems confusing, if anything is, you know, out of place if something is just, just feels weird that it isn't in the right place, right? Please gimme feedback on this because you obviously know that I've been working on this since before November even. And we're now in March.

So hopefully you guys enjoyed this and Sergio will take care of phase six.

