Turbulence Points

===

[00:00:00] Okay guys, welcome to the Turbulence point video inside of phase five. Okay, so the turbulence point concept was actually derived from Woff ideology, and let me tell you why. So before that though, the definition of a turbulence point. Is a horizontal range that led to price in either a continuation or in a reversal.

Right? And I'll show you examples of both. But anyways, right th this really won't make sense unless you understand the logic side of it. So right woff, right, the, the woff method is the study of trading ranges through using effort. Based on volume, structure, you know, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.

So we know that effort is based on volume, right? And that, that is a necess is a necessity, right? To allow ranges to give you a move, whether that's a continuation [00:01:00] or a reversal, right? We also know that order flow is a distribution of orders via mitigation. So when you correlate the two. We can conclude that non-structured trading ranges leave remnants of volume behind, right?

And it doesn't necessarily have to be unstructured. It could be just anything. Because at the end of the day, a turbulence point is just an interruption in price, which either led to the continuation or to the reversal, right? So there's two outcomes. There is a potential. Reversal, right? Based on the turbulence point.

Meaning you just come to mitigate something that was left over inside of that range and you then have that continuation or you break through and you more than likely come back into the area. But that won't be ba, that won't be because of that. It'll be because of other reasons, but that will lead to a reversal.

So, It's not necessarily a complex concept, right? But it meets the logic we portray, [00:02:00] and that's what I think is the important part of trading any concept. If you don't understand the logic side of things, if you can't make any type of logical conclusions based on what you're trading, then it's hard to justify a trade, right?

I mean, that's just, I, in my opinion, that's just a type of common sense, right? But also don't take this concept to be absolute right, because. There's always three things that can happen to a poi, right? So for example, a sponsored candle, there is a, there's a chance it could react from the open. There's a chance they can react from the close, right?

And then there's a chance that we can have a liquidity grab, right? But that's probably the most unideal scenario because it can be read as disruption or break of structure, right? But there are many instances, I'm sorry where you see. Price, essentially, you know, take out the poi, then mitigate whatever, took out the poi, and then you see the move, [00:03:00] right?

Which is why it's, it's a bit, it can be a bit misleading. So just make sure that you know that this is a relative concept and nothing is absolute. Okay. So here now we go into the examples portion.

So right here we can see, right, that we have your U S D, right? We have our low and our high. That took out our essential structure point here. So inside of this range, right as we're coming into the discount, we see, right, that we have a quote unquote interruption of price. Why? Because essentially price paused, right?

Then break broke structure in a smaller scale, and then continued higher. Right. But there is an interruption in price before the continuation. So there's more than likely money left behind here. So as you can see, we came back to mitigate the final wake here, here, right? And that's what caused the next impulse, right?

So as you can see, it's not a tough subject. All you're doing is looking for [00:04:00] interruptions in price, right? That are then, you know, starting the new continuation, right? Example number two. Right. So here we see two turbulence points. So we see one on one scale on right here, which is the 15 minute minor entry day turbulence point.

And here we see a smaller term turbulence point, which you can see here, right? As you can see, there is an interruption in price before we go higher. And then here, there's interruption price before we go higher, right? So you can see that there's relative eco lows here, so there's liquidity. So as order flow is necessary to come back into the poi, maybe it was coming back not to mitigate something, but to take out liquidity.

And maybe we're coming back for this turbulence point, right? Because as you can see, Let's see right here. As you can see, inside of the first poi, we literally broke right through. Meaning that the, the chances are that we had a high, a lower retracement and [00:05:00] order flow was pushing for this target, right? So this turbulence point is now invalid, right?

Because we broke right through, it caused no type of reaction, right? And here we have that smaller timeframe. Turbulence point. And as you can see, this is actually a wick, I believe. Yeah, there's a wick here. So which is why that same wick, you can see it's using the body, I mean the open until the below the the below the candle, right?

We're not using the inefficiency fill just because I was deriving it from this timeframe. So what happens, right? You see that mitigation, you see the disruption, right? The sign of bullishness, the sign of strength, right? Then we come back to fill this wick. And we continue higher, right? So I'm, I, I'm not like you know, breaking down the POI section and I'm not breaking down, you know, the smaller timeframe stuff inside of this range because I care for you to understand the power.

Of the turbulence point, right? Whereas this, in this scenario, if you wanted [00:06:00] to take this, this trade, right, this turbulence point isn't not nec is not necessarily giving us a trade. It's more so giving you a narrative to play based on, as you can see, so, Example number three, right? Another one where we see two turbulence points.

We can see interruption here before continuation, right? You could even consider this one too. But when I'm looking at the swing range, I'm al always looking for that discount. So as you can see, we came back to mitigate this WIC here that mitigated this final WIC here that created the upside move, right?

So that W here came there and created a new impulse. So as you can see, it's very effective when you know how to read it. Right. And the reason why I I even care to make this concept is because a lot of people struggle to find POIs. And I think this is a great way to start searching for POIs, right?

So, you know, essentially that's essentially how that works. All right, the [00:07:00] final example here, right? We can see we have a high in our low as our overall range. We have a retracement continuation, right? But as you can see, this turbulence point, this interruption in price led to the reversal in terms of here, right?

So we're coming up turbulence, point reversal. We came back to mitigate the turbulence point, right? Which then led to another break breakup structure here. And as you can see, there's an interruption price here before the impulse came back into the interruption. Right, because there's inefficient pricing inside of the interruption.

And as you can see, the medication was perfect there. So as you can see, it's, it's really narrowing down areas of where I'm trying to sell at, right? And it's allowing you to continue order flow, right, which emphasizes on that continuation over reversal mindset, right? So with that being said, that concludes this video and I'll see you guys in the next one.

